this is the effect of those states that went into lockdown much later , they are just starting to see the large increase , now they have to ride it out and hope for the best 
So I see the headline is , died , not " revised predictions show more hopeful situation " OR " New York reaching apex long before ' experts ' predicted " or any such thing . Got to keep the panic train rolling , I see . 
Despite the poor federal response , we can thank governors who acted quickly and saved thousands of lives . 
Ohio Gov. ( R ) 
California Gov. ( D) … mult 
was taken seriously at the federal level from the very beginning , we would n’t see as many suffering or dying . President needs to accept responsibility for his flawed actions , which are rooted to the devastation we are seeing each & everyday . He is not to blame for COVID , but he is responsible for his lack of preparation to prepare for it . 
You could have led the world in this fight . The preparations were in  , the pandemic department was well funded and full of specialists , and what did you do ? Played golf and claimed it was a hoax ! 
. Way more than / . 
How many could still be here if we had n't played politics with the outbreak mr president ? 
Those folks were killed just as if you flew a plane into their homes . 
How many of the dead are from Nursing homes ? Nursing homes and convalescence hospital are disgusting . They have been killing people for years and I hope that this will force the government to fix and reform them . 
To anyone that says it ’s such a low death number , make sure that explanation is acceptable & comforting to you when it ’s your own child , parent , partner , or friends . 
China , whose population is . times larger , and had NO time to prepare for this virus has had close to half the positives tests and deaths than in the US . How did that reality happen ? ? ? ? 
We clearly did n’t take seriously early on . Something about a hoax ? 
Can those numbers be trusted based on the guidance issued from the CDC ? the CDC Tells Hospitals To List COVID as Cause of Death Even if You 're Just Assuming or It Only Contributed . CDC issued the guidance on March  , telling hospitals to list COVID as a cause of death … mult 
+ deaths caused by the carelessness and ego of a single man . And you guys most probably would vote him back in office 🤦 🏽‍ ♂ ️ 
I read the comments and I am still amazed by Democrats dedication to stupidity , I can say it 's quite impressive . What to expect from Cartoon Network News followers . 
I feel misled . The president of the United States said we would soon have zero cases when we had  Covid cases across the nation . We 've all been lied to . 
How many have actually died from the virus . How have they managed to do so many autopsy in such short time . 
We have an irresponsible president who instead of dealing with the situation , decides to argue with the journalists 
The numbers are unreliable . There are instances where deaths have occurred from other causes , heart attack , suicide , others , that are being designated as CV ! They are fudging the numbers to get more federal $ $ $ $ ! 😡 😡 🤬 😬 
too many . If  had not called this a hoax from the beginning we would be way ahead of the curve . Sigh . 
so much winning ! ! what do we have to lose he said ! let 's continue electing leaders who do n't believe in science .. let 's continue offering thoughts and prayers when the solutions are at our hands .. let 's continue paying more attention to the stock mark … mult 
Anything can be as bad as a person perceives it to be . 
k dead of the corona virus. … mult 
How many confirmed cases , & recoveries ? This is typical fear mongering 
Tassos 
Tassos , died in from the flu in  . never closed . There is more to this . 
Let ’s not forget , we all need to go out and vote in November 
There 's also saying if it 's just a possibility it 's covid that they will label it a COVID death . Pumping those numbers up 
In a country of  million . All the paranoia makes sense . 
It ’s not like Pearl Harbor . We did n’t have two months to prepare in  . 
So why do n’t we shut everything down for  weeks ? I get it lots of money will be lost but come on now . 
Imagine a nation so extreme , it would pay , to load a missile onto a ,,,drone , flown at a cost off ,/ hours to kill poor people in a foreign land , but it would be so reluctant to buy a ventilators for sick people & protective equipment for the medics during a pandemic ? I want you to imagine . 
That ’s about , that could be been saved if were n’t so crazed and inept . 
We 've been through a pandemic before , circa   . President handled things differently ( obviously ) . They acknowledged the virus , communicated with health leaders across the world and country , established communication and testing procedures t … mult 
As sad as it is to lose someone to this virus we are actually having a net gain in population because of fewer deaths by accident and homicide . 
And that number would be substantially lower if had n't fired the pandemic team , lowered funds to the CDC , constantly downplayed the threat of the virus as it was being declared a pandemic , and is now threatening to withhold funds and resources to states that he does n't like , among many other foolish mistakes . He does n't deserve a nd term in office . 
This is so tragic but i also want to know how many have recovered ... that is where hope comes from . 
Tell to practice what he preaches . He mentioned on Saturday , / , that he ’d been at a family birthday party on Friday . His mom was there too . And she ’s been with prior to his coronavirus diagnosis . If had something this , y’ all would have it all over the news everywhere . 
Those in the South still think it 's a hoax . Maybe we should rename this the Magavirus . * * * * sarcasm * * * * * * 
Dmitri 
Dmitri “ We have everything under control . The chance of you getting sick is very very low . We are prepared better than any other country in the world ... ” D. 
Taylor 
that does n't see this as tragic and real .. 
Please volunteer your time and money to help the healthcare workers and families that have lost loved ones .. 
Even better they need volunteers for the vaccine trial . … mult 
States would not be in this nightmare if President started taking this crisis seriously in the very beginning , in late December early January we all saw coronavirus information all over the news and social media , anyone with common sen … mult 
Let ’s play show and tell people Regularly breaks or flouts the law 
•Constantly lies and deceives others 
•Is impulsive and does n’t plan ahead … mult 
Not " from " the virus ; although it may have contributed . Keep your hyperbolic panic in check , fear mongering fools . 
But how many have recovered from this 
The numbers mean nothing now , they are being called covid death even when it was nt 
Anyone who dies at this point from anything and tests positive for this flu will be counted , that includes those in hospice care . Even some who have not been tested are being counted in those numbers because they had similar symptoms . 
This is not the Matter of politics , the whole needs healing from the MIGHTY hands of God .too much evil plans and , unnecessary human rights freedom , making , people behaves as if they owned this world . Humble yourselves before God and cry unto him , he will answer you . May God have mercy 😭 😭 
For every person that dies should have to donate k of his own money to the relief effort 
If only we ’d had a pandemic response team , already in  for such tragedies .. 
new review of administration purchasing contracts shows that US agencies largely waited until mid March to begin ing bulk orders of N respirator masks , ventilators , and other critical medical equipment . 
squandered nearly two months … mult 
Names , ages , health histories , addresses and social security numbers . Dates tested , dates admitted to the hospital and date of death . Name the hospital . Name the physicians . Records of care provided . has zero credibility . 
Look at all the regurgitated deflections and distractions coming from the flock in the comment section . You fools were taught well by Reverend . Now run along and pop a few of those like good little lamb ! 
This whole thing has been blown out of proportion from the media spreading more fear than ever before . All I know is this virus is not going away , ever . All we can do is hope that a vaccine comes out sooner than later . This lockdown is destroying the e … mult 
Can the people at who stirred up the frenzy feel the pay cuts coming ? No business , no advertising , no pay for you ! 
Till the end of last year someone was trying to stop illegal immigration from the south . The situation now is completely the opposite , many want to ran out of the country . This is sad 😔 but it is a fact . 
TJ 
many of these people who died were asymptomatic when they died from something else but are still being counted in the total ? There 's a huge difference between dying with Covid and dying from it where public health considerations are concerned ! 
, hospitals are being instructed that for every  patients that die ,  must be marked CV , no matter if they had it or not . This qualifies hospitals for more funding . Shady business . 
are some of the most effective " mass murder profiteers " this country has ever produced . 
ابو 
ابو The United States has at least deaths from the , according to Johns University . Why is this death toll greater than the death toll of this virus in the United States of more than any other country and more than China i … mult 
ابو 
ابو The United States of was unable to provide the most trivial things , and now the gags have made it clear that they are fully dependent on China for all things . 
Have anyone think about this man made virus could have been planted into the phone towers and everyone is getting sick through radiation ... just think about it .. how can they predict how many deaths are going to happen in the next two weeks unless they planted it there 
When God is talking , reaching out to U and we do n't want to listen this is where we end up ... nowhere to run ... but back to him ..... no money , government , job , can give U health ..... God is showing us that we 're nothing without him .. he is the breath of life .. 
Only , ( or more to go ) Keep going to the open air markets , parks , beaches , gather with friends in large crowds . Ignore protocols ( or common logic for that matter ) . Keeping spreading it everywhere so more elderly die , more children pass away , your cats and dogs die , then eventually you and/or your loved ones die too . Congratulations , 👌 🏼 
Sad . I Pray for and it 's citizens and I am sure that the pandemic will be defeated and Good health and well being will be restored . 
One death from this virus is terrible ... But we are lucky that we do n't have more than this who have died from this virus . Due to the quick action of closing a lot of businesses down and telling people to stay home . Our government did n't worry during t … mult 
At the moment there ’s no known treatment for , the ONLY solution the medical team has found is to stop gathering of people and introductions of social distancing to STOP the spread of the virus , this is NOT very hard or expensive things to do … mult 
I wish they had a number of cases which were already dying and they also had coronavirus . Around , people die on average every day so if your terminal from something and have coronavirus it 'd probably be hard to differentiate it sometimes . 
big hug to all my virtual american brothers and sister that are suffering right now , from my beloved Italy . 
Stay strong and act smart folks . 
We will get through this. … mult 
Sammy 
time for any politics . We need to be United in this difficult time . Everyone should pray . Only God can stop this . 
If we do n't get back to work and stop borrowing money from the federal reserve a lot more people will die . People think we are n't close to universal currency , a new world order , and the mark ... better look more closely at current events . If we continue … mult 
Solidarity with people of because the innocent people losing their life 
The scope of the situation is very tragic and can only improve once it is realized that the sacrifice of self enjoyment must be postponed for the short term to insure long term life . Please self isolate and do n't feel this as an affront on your liberty but as a sacrifice for long term future for you , your children and grandchildren . 🙏 🇺 🇸 
The outbreak of this virus has made me realise that the European countries and other countries that claim to be best in everything , are nothing but noise makers . The Africans that are downgraded in every aspect of civilisation and development , are doin … mult 
Reporter from the US said they are including any deaths in NY as part of the count . That means anyone who did nt die from covid is included in that count . So the real count is nt true . 
THERE HAS NOT BERN ONE WORD OF COMPASSION , EMPATHY OR CONDOLENCES SPOKEN BY DEAR LEADER OR HIS WIFE . 
how many people have died on the roads in the same in the same time span . 
This is why social distancing is very important . If people had listen from the beginning & maintain social distancing this may not happen . People ignored it now country has to impose lock down & people still wonder why its not working . Doing lock down … mult 
I ’m so sorry for the lost one R.I.P. unfortunately you just have a bad leader who only care about money & economic but not public health . 😢 
Still no where near , that died last year just in our country from the flu 
, you will see the numbers exponentially increase in matter of days . Then you can see what Italians and many countries people see in their countries today . 
Could it have been less ? Surely , no proactive measures observed . Seems like all governments failed 
spreading fear and calling it breaking news . How many survived ? Tell us ! the manipulation ! All you tell people is how many are dying daily . Fact should be rooted in Mecy , Truth and Justice otherwise it is absolute nonsense and pure evil . 
Ponder this . Would a country release a virus and sacrifice  , , of its own citizens in order to kill  , , in every other country of the world . Had this been under wartime , those numbers are quite acceptable to the government that released it . Let alone would a country kill the doctor that wanted to warn the world that it was occurring ? Biological warfare ? . Yes ponder that 
Cooper 
when the president wasted  months downplaying the pandemic and claimed it was a Democrat hoax while people were dying ? What a smart guy . 
truth we ll NEVER find out , that is how many deaths are really from CV .... or ..... ? 
Notice these Democrats demanding we " enforce the law or else " 
ALWAYS ignore IMMIGRATION laws . 
too many 
Should of taken precautions back in January 
This is a wake up call , scary & so ... so sad 
We had a family member die yesterday . This is real people . Very real . ☹ ️ 
I heard do n't wear a mask . Save for health care workers . He also said early on it was contained . Now they say wear a mask but not the kind health care workers need . Save for them & use homemade . Obviously it was not contained . Someone is giving him bad … mult 
From what I have heard many other symptoms are what lead to many of those elderly deaths . Get some real Numbers . HN killed more than twice that many , but there was no news media panic then . What 's really going on ? ? 
Kenner 
Kenner I remember when the country 's leadership said there was one case . Then that we would have a " miracle " andbit would be gone . When back to back rallies and golf were more important . When the Pandemic Response Team was disbanded and CDC / WHO funding slashed . Lots of memories . 
I 'm so sorry for those who have passed away but how many recovery cases . 
Please tell me why they are counting unrelated deaths to COVID if they person tests positive after death . 
An infant who died of suffocation was touted to be the first infant death related to COVID in CT ... Then the truth came out how the child r … mult 
How many people in the US have survived the ? 
every six days the number of deaths double . do the math yourself but do n't be a statistic . wash hand , physical and socially distancing , wear gloves if you have them , use the hand sanitizer , avoid touching the face . 
is a lesson to the whole world that we are all human .... money stolen through colonialism and oil wars wo nt save you ! 
RS 
they dying because of corona virus or just with it . Someone who has corona virus and has a heart attack or stroke should not be considered in those numbersssss 
Ramos 
Ramos distancing is a spark of hope for all , because it has proven to be a positive move in combating the virus . We got this under control ! 
Kay 
we will have a tough week this week , The national trend of both new confirmed cases and death toll is actually down now . New Confirmed Cases : ,(/ ) , ,(/ ) , ,(/ ) , ,(/ : p.m. ) I believe the curb is coming down in April . Stay home & stay safe . 
Why use words such as , " at least " , " more than " , use actual count when talking about how many have died from the . 
Seain O Ceallaigh 
Seain O Ceallaigh How many of those were flu or other causes . Nurses are reporting flu deaths as being written as deaths . 
The numbers no one are talking about are the ones that died with other complications . I get it a death is a death but how many die that would have anyway ? How many really have covid or had it at some point ? I think it ’s time for those to be answered and reported ! 
Remember when Democrats encouraged everyone to rendezvous their local Chinese restaurants and Chinatowns while simultaneously opposing President ’s foreign travel ban proposal ? Pepperidge Farm remembers ... 
And they all have names , and families mourning them .. Many did not have to die .. Incompetence at the top failed them .. 
And president of , wants sports ( his golf course ) to open up and let 's get playing ! Instead of using his office to stress social distancing and supplying the medical supplies needed . To HELP states with everything in his power ! No , let 's get my golf courses open ? 
So very sad and so very dangerous for to have this moron lead your country ! 
The most disheartened part of all is authorities are not even giving us update on patient responses to current treatment , all interested in death rate and expected people to . 
Now 's death toll has clocked ten thousands & you Start hearing guys that the vaccine should be tested from Africa where the toll is less than hundreds . What 's there intent . LET THEM KNOW THAT WE WON'T ACCEPT & WE ARE MORE SAFER THAN AMERICA , EUROPE & ASIA SO WE DON'T NEED THE VACCINE URGENTLY LIKE THE WAY AMERICANS NEED IT ....... 
When you tell people stay inside they disobey . Everyone have this superior mindset that they are healthy and can not die from the virus . Well , as you know now , the virus do n’t care if you ’re healthy , unhealthy , black , white old , young . It will kill you and you do n’t know  % if you will survive if you are infected with the virus . Stay inside , keep away from others . 
How many of those deaths are from pre existing conditions or the regular flu ? Probably a lot . 
are so great ! ! ! Hahahah they will have more cases and more deaths than anywhere in the world ! ! ! The hospital ca nt cope but is going off about how good they r ! ! I know I am thankful that I am in Australia ! ! ! ! We have lost  people . 
And it still has n't come close to the flu in terms of death toll numbers . It 's been in the wild for over  months now , yet still ca n't beat Mr. . 
It is GENOCIDE . Deliberate and calculated . Only way the CCP could weaken the . 
We can all thank for his slow response and acceptance that the virus was real . His thinking that it was only a bad cold or annual flu has cause thousands of people to lose their lives . Shame on you . Your arrogance is unacceptable in our country . 
This is a ccomple nightmare for the American people ! # staySafe from us in Amsterdam ! 
Duet 
’s that projected , ? One more week ! 
How many die during a normal flu season ? 
University is tightly affiliated with Rockefeller Group , one should n't trust their reports at all costs . 
Sadoon 
we can do now ? 
Nothing , cuz no treatment no vaccine no drugs are still available . Even we do nt have enough ventilators and we are unable to make this expensive and sensitive machine in short time . 
We have only one option strengthen your immune system , stay home and hygiene. … mult 
That equates to more than , lawsuits filed against Fox News 
Is it still a hoax ? Let ’s keep coughing on microphones and shaking hands ! 
has more to do with this than God . More to the point , ignored science by a Narcissistic President and his yes men lackeys . 
For all you blaming , you're a joke , no matter how prepared we could have been it would not have mattered . People would have still traveled , still partied and continued to ignore the stay at home orders . This is a reflection of the people being irresponsible , not the president . 
Verbs describe us 
Verbs describe us the deaths in a row have just started ... and his doctors said , would be a good number ... 
Are these numbers calculated the same as Italy ? we have to go back and retract these like they did ? With  % being reclassified as not COVID related ? 🤔 Since the CDC has put out guidelines stating to classify deaths as COVID related even if it ’s “ probable COVID ” or just “ likely COVID” ... and they … mult 
Counting coronavirus : How are different countries calculating death tolls , and can you trust them ? 
TELEGRAPH.CO.UK 
Counting coronavirus : How are different countries calculating death tolls , and … 
Counting coronavirus : How are different countries calculating death tolls , and can you trust them ? 
Grace 
many have died from the flu ? Do we know ? Has it been reported by ? Just curious . 
More then , died of HN during obama admin said anything must be a slow day as not hearing all day cuamo today 
Aaaaand the number of cases of SURVIVORS by comparison ? ? We gon na hear about those numbers anytime soon , or keep fearmongering orrrr ? ? .... what r we doin here ? ? 🙄 
When do we hit the  and , deaths I think panic is setting in with these numbers 
Wow  days ago was saying that there be only a few deaths . being Number  ! got his Wish ! We 're Number  in the most cases in the World and Deaths ! 
Do they ever consider the lives lost in battles as important lives lost to abortions as important lives lost to gangs as important compare the numbers 
How can that happen ? You have better system in terms of health and Security . 
Shows how many healthcare problems people had underlying imo . And people really let Obamacare fall?? ... smh 
Well all know was just sitting there waiting for it to break the k mark so they could make this story . 
Probably already had it prewritten . 
Sorry I do n’t trust the numbers especially after how the Governor of Connecticut lied about an infants death 
Considering only  % of patients are getting tests this number is low . 
Tell 
of these people died with coronavirus not from it . Huge difference . The numbers are being skewed to extort federal funding by cities that are on the brink of financial collapse due to poor leftwing fiscal policy . 
When tramp was saying only  people .... there were experts warning we could see as many as , cases if we did not handle it right . 
If would 've care for people 's life 😂 more than economy he could have saved a lot of things on March  and March  
# fakenews . Now that the CDC is performing “ data poisoning ” , adding those that died of something else e.g. ( cancer , heart attack ) these numbers ca n’t be trusted ! 
I ’m hearing that some of these deaths are from other cases other than cov ? Is this true ? Please find out . 
or  G ? 
Let 's get it right and tell the truth . 
G is killing people not coronavirus , FACTS ! ! ! ! ! ! 
If anything bad happens in this country you all Blame the president , if something good happens no one wanna give him credit . What the hell do you people want ? 
Melva 
to see what ’s gona happen to Oakland father their big Saturday party 
And  , flu deaths so far ( CDC numbers ) . Way to push the fear headlines , . 
Since this is being reported by , it ’s probably fake so I ’ll go to other sources ! 
If you had taken this seriously from the beginning 
If you had followed the lead of countries ahead of you on the curve 
Your death rate would nt be x higher than ours … mult 
Where are all the republicans opinions who voted for him ? Still support him as your president ? ! 
I wonder if still thinks this is a " conspiracy " especially regarding the number of deaths 
who are ready to pray with me , So that God heal the , for the lord what s you to submit to him and leave your evil ways . 
is really looking at the deaths with their political glasses , they pretend like they do but do n’t really care that much about the fate of the people only how it ls affects the election in Nov. that ’s ’s real concern . 
How about being positive talk about how many has survived that 's why your losing all your viewers fake news does n't work American people way to smart for you Democrats and socialists 
How many have died that were prescribed and Azithromycin ? How Many ? ? ? ? 
Can we talk about the ”s of THOUSANDS who have RECOVERED . Instead of the death toll 🤷 🏻‍ ♂ ️ the media loves to maintain mass hysteria 
They need to start showing proof of hospitals that are overwhelmed with patients .. nothing has surfaced and this is Fakebook 🥴 😏 🤔 
So sad and terrible ! I know that doctors are doing the best they can though . We have some of the best in the world . Italy has nearly  thousand deaths with half the cases 
How come we never hear about the , plus people who survived the coronavirus 
What happened to the predictions of more than a hundred thousand by this time even with the social distancing and lockdown factored in ? Asking for a friend . 
severely restricted travel from China at the end of January , when the liberals were all excited and distracted about impeachment . and the liberals said was xenophobic and fought that ban for  weeks . Thousands of additional cases could have just walked in , right at the beginning . 
So what 's the way forward now keep reporting about the death or provide solution to stop this chemical war fair 
And , thousand have recovered . 
But close to  . HAVE RECOVERED 
I do not know why you do not apply the interval correctly but why apply a positive event . Do not take the Crown for God 's sake unless you go abroad for a period of time you will have trouble quarantine but you will save your life . Capture the . 
Why do n’t you do a story on how many people have recovered . 
Junior 
is the greatest . Now is suffering with all his supper powers arms . It 's time for you people to know there 's the owner of the world but not mankind . May Allah forgive our dirty sins and heal the world for us . Because no one can challenge God . Today where 's your arms and strong army ? May Allah forgive us all . Ameen 
Shenanigan 
far less than ’s hn ! Took k deaths before even a mention of it in the media ! 
I thought your president said it was  cases , and soon would be zero ? ......... what happened there ? 
It would not have been worse up to this if the Democrats had joined the president to combat this Pandemic earlier on in March 
All what they were saying was against the president as if he alone Can make American great all by himself ... … mult 
Under which President again ? ? ? Oh ok right ? ? ? ? Is n’t he the President while these many of people are dying ? Oh ok that ’s how he planned on MAGA HUH 🤔 SHAME SHAME SHAME 
TENOR 
How many of those deaths were actually from heart attacks , bleeds , etc . of people who tested positive but were asymptotic ? 
So many more than k . Noone is even testing people dying in nursing homes . The coroners are verifying that fact . 
Ai n’t we going to declare war in our enemy ? We all know who sabotage our country and our world 
Castle 
Alarming Number Of Deaths With The Technological Resources And Research Around The World . 
Why is there only one source ? All I ever see is JHU , as if they 're the sole official reporter . I do n't trust universities to give a non partisan estimate . 
. % of the population . Buy more toilet paper . 
Has anyone seen the or foundations helping with the virus ? Maybe I missed the news on it 
Without adequate testing available at the start in January and even now in April in some states , the number is probably higher . 
Is this the highest among all nations ? 
I agree with you lets hear the good news that s its tapering off make more people stay home shut some non essential business down 
so we are / through the year with death rate on best cases per calendar year of k totally deaths per year for flu and worst case of k again per year per WHO and CDC . And currently / through said calendar year . Looks to me like a average flu season actually based on numbers currently is a good flu season Just saying . Check your facts Math is the universal language as it can not lie ! ! ! 
I do n't believe any numbers puts out especially when I hear that hospitals are told to put down coronavirus for any death 
Deaths like the one that governor reported or actual deaths ? 
Wonder how many are really corona ? 
Shari C Greene 
Shari C Greene wait for the actual tally that excludes non corona deaths . 
In  days ..  lives lost .. And he said he 's doing a good job . 
Is this people who have died that had it or people that died because of it .... ? 
They took too long to close Italy , Spain , France etc . And look at how we are now O_O Here in Italy we are * under house arrest and without work * We , do have panic to export O_O 
yeah how many are actually CONFIRMED POSITIVE ? I see them sneaking death 's on that toll that only have similar aspects . People are dying of pneumonia and heart failure and they are not even testing but automatically putting  as cause of death 
My heart goes out for all of the world and the family who have lost their love ones to and I hope that will be stopped 
Am I missing something . , deaths and I have n't seen one memorial for any of them . Or families mourning on TV . Plane crashes , shootings , accidents , pandemics , there 's usually some sort memorial to the people who has passed 
They need to investigate and see how many have been pencil whipped to bring additional funding in . 
Still curious how a university gets these numbers before the CDC and why they never match 🤔 
is a denominator , but we do n’t know nominator which is # of infected people which would give whole picture how bad situation is ? ! 
How many deaths un related to covid were reported ? ? ! ! 
And I believe the Florida Georgia and other republican states are holding back on the numbers for political reasons . 
In UK there is over k sick and k died . In US more than k sick and k dead . Simple math so I ’m curies if US is giving the real data 
In a nation of  million could be alot worse than it is right now . Hopefully gets better soon 
Did these people actually due from the virus or were they tested after death and we 're found positive ? 
Almost , have recovered and we have less cases  days in a row . We have also increased from ,s to ,,s in  days . 
The world leaders should tell us the truth about the so called covid . 
Uk will be like us soon .. because some people do n’t listen to government .. 
% of the American people approve of the way President is handling his response to this crisis and only  % disapprove . But only  % approve of the way the news media is handling its response , with  % disapproving . 
stop scaring people giving us a minute by minute count on the dead , why do n’t you report on the people who have recovered ? 
Ten thousand souls gone thanks to ignorance and simple incompetence of the current administration . 
Its gon na happen , its not like we were n't warned about the death toll .. we are peaking though and if this number stays below the curve they spoke about , then we have done well ppl .. just stay inside and only travel when necessary.think before you travel out . 
He 's treating our governors like contestants on the apprentice . 
World health organization new about this and sided with China not to let the news out . They did n't want President to close flights from China . China lied about the Cronavirus and the world health organization aided and abetted the coverup . In Dec … mult 
with the scary tactics and show how many have survived . being a pos network 
The whole world had missed it . God it 's only you that can safe.this is not scientist issue.ideas & solution might be from anyone . 
How many have recovered ? 
If still president .. This will be much better then the joker now 
When was shutting travel down people jumped all over him calling him overreacting now he is not doing enough , typical liberals and lefts 
Why is a university tallying it up 
Gin 
, in U.S. many people do n't have discipline , do n't use masks , gloves in the street , even do n't stay at home , even do n't respect gov.rules.it is hard stop this monster killer virus with out discipline . And for other hand , gov.dont want lockdown all the nation , only thinking in money.too bad 
Wow , we only have ten thousand more deaths to go to beat the number of deaths from the common flu every year 
More than , have recovered , but that 's good news so leaves it out . 
So much misinformation & lies in these comments . research would be better than just spouting off . 
Touray 
crise impitoyable effroyable 
Quelle horizon la solution viendrait 
La science est en train s'écrouler … mult 
Why is the Tiger and possible other Tigers at the Bronx Zoo testing Positive for not making National News . Can my Neighbors Cat infect me with the virus or leave droplets of the virus all over my yard . 
I wonder why has n’t posted on how many recovered ? 
I do really hope people understand what that means ... Stay Home , Just Stay home .... ! ! ! If u still ca n't after seeing these numbers , I am afraid we would tough times ahead ... 
US is really fighting to keep that #  spot . 
I pray that the world has no more virus death . I pray also that all the deceased find happiness in their new life 
No where near the projected number . 🤔 
Yeah and it 's mostly 's fault he did not prepare the country or the people .. absolutely new on January th that he 'll was on his way to he did absolutely nothing .... 😐 
Called president have energy and resources for terrorists in middle east . But ca n't protect the nation against the pandemic which has claim more then , death in . That 's the price the nation pays to put a lunatic for leader , while his entire family is protect . Not one of his family will die from covid 
We need to lock down for at least two weeks . There is no other choice . It ’s NOT impossible and it ’s becoming a must not a choice 
Maybe it 's time for the MSM to quit undermining the executive branch at every turn . 
Where are your drones and missiles now 
You doing a great service with your posts . It saves me time searching 
does sleep at all ? 
Keep it up ! ! ! ! 
Has n't done enough , imo . and his buddies / followers are still here ... but with Easter coming up there is still hope 🤞 
But we ’re down to zero cases , right ? 
percent of people recover from it . Lets get back to work ! 
do you know how to count the patients who recovered from ? 
Only in america ... did you people not see the rest of the world ? ? ? Ignorance at its finest 
And it only took  month for all of this to happen 
How many of these people died because the vent to later was taken away and given to someone else 
Here is the truth ; covid  virus China Created it after lose cold to about they economy , and this is they pay back to the innocent people all over the world is not about but Pentagon must do something about Chinese BIO weapon . 
From cold w … mult 
When one person died .... It is a tragedy . When ten million people died , it is a statistic . 
Wierd same news different outlet . I swear all news follow the same script . How about news about midget horses roaming free in South Dakota 
Wrong . More than , people who tested positive have died . But most of them were already dying or secerely ill . 
Democrats : quick poll 
Choice : half the projected fatalities but  more years . … mult 
They ad any death to it to scare us ... flu its coronavirus ... they wo nt show flu deaths because they ca nt use same death twice ... OR CAN THEY 
God gave me a dream yesterday that the last parts of fence will be done soon which it means the end of coronavirus ... 
Get a cure so we can get back to work .. 
Look at all these wacky liberals falling hook line and sinker for the medias blame game . You people only get mad because the media tells you to be 
Óz 
Óz So other states still not on lockdown .... americans will never learn 
Why do we have you think the president can watch everything , that ’s why we elect these officials what about your mayor what does he do . 
Why not show how many have recovered ? ? 
That 's about , shy of how many died from the flu two years ago in the US ... 
are dying by thousands , once our decision makers are still discussing the outbreak nd the prevention mesures ... 
But it ’s a hoax ? 
Kumakech 
Kumakech think by not locking down they 're wiser than Chinese . The body bag count will tell . 
those numbers up to flu like numbers then it will be worth all the hubbub 
Put most of the issue on the ones that went out and infected others . 
Love how they include literally any death if they happen to have covid . Which does include suicides , car accidents , and even the accidental and tragic suffocation of an infant . 
How many died of all causes during the same period last year ? 
be die every one in American be coronavirus . 
Not the first epidemic we 've been through do your history people , and a these m epidemics we 've been through we have lost people and other survive in the world keeps going 
, you just substantiated an excellent case to have you and every member of your administration to be removed from office for dereliction of duty and betrayal of the American people . Your " legacy " has been established and your name should be forever removed from Presidential records . 
No autopsies so the numbers go up , don't believe everything you read ! 
Its a Hoax people what they been spraying is water . All fake 
GIPHY 
Inaccurate number information they should n't count deaths on other sickness over covid . 
smiley faces ... 
pretty sure these are the same type of people who spit on their hands touch food at the store 
so by all means , lets not use any and all drugs to beat this thing 
Somehow I do n’t think we ’re going to hit the k mark in the next month or two . 
ino 
has not even come close to what the flu kills every single year in the United States and the world 
That 's because people are so selfish they will put themselves first going out to work , to hang out , or do other things . 
folks , it was like  literally yesterday ! It doubled over night ? these numbers are not adding up . I mean they have now come up with a set of parameters for the th time ( yes , time number  ! ) for who and what this disease is and who has it . Lets go for  , maybe we can have k tomoro ? Buncha BS ! This is a real disease but its now pretty much bordering on insanity and bs ! time to get back to normal . 
How said , make American back . ? ? ? ? ? 
Tomasso 
Tomasso I remember seeing Italy 's  dead and thought that was horrible , look where we are now . Stay safe , stay home . 
are you ready for your micro chip ? 
Wonder what scare tactic will use tonight to counter the positive stock market rally ! ! 
That ’s not that bad when we have  million people in the United States . 
Half of it is here in nyc 
But how many have recovered ? ? ? 
Scott 
are not from covid only ! Shut up 
I used to smoke weed with . It was me and . We used to blaze that stuff up every day . 
But what 's the number for death due to the virus ? Compared to linked or related to the virus ? ? ? ? ? 
Apparently it 's supposed to get a lot worse this week ? This is getting too real for comfort . 
And , died of influenza .. but noone is talking about that 
Should go from  cases or so down to zero soon .... 🤨 
China gave you the virus and killed your relatives but the other hands , people are saying thank you for their relieves ... 
and its sheep are disgusting , misinformed , fear mongers . This is total fake headline and it 's the reason CNNs viewership is less than Saturday morning cartoons . gross 
to , ? Well that escalated quickly ? 
So this 🦠 has Been Here for Years Now ... AND ISNT GOING AWAY ! ! ! What else is New ? When “ The Government Says It ’s Safe to Come Out .... IS IT REALLY ? ? ? Lol 
Holy 💩 .. those are war like casualties . Where is our brave , heroic MAGA " Wartime President " ? ? ? 
on executive time meeting with senior advisers ( aka .. watching Fox News ) 
playing golf 
… mult 
For all you civilians , that death toll in this fight with our invisible enemy of microbes equals an entire division of soldiers killed in action .. For your perspective , imagine , dead soldiers returning home .... Doc ... 😳 🤕 😷 
Find 
you looked into exosomes ? Apparently they look just like " covid " , therefore people are getting false positives .... 
Please 🙏 🙏 Lord heal , save your children from this curse which has befallen us , , what ever is our criminal please have mercy , , pardon with mercy .... I 'm not but I wish to be there some day , , my shout out goes to all the doctors , nurses and all arm forces that has been in this fight , , , 
Your fight will never be in vain , 
We love you all ... My respect goes to Mr President 
Do you want to get rid of all the old people so they do n't pay pension anymore 
Little higher than the  that die everyday ... let 's see if it tops a normal two days in the ... 
But yeah let ’s put government in charge of healthcare 
I mean no offense regardless it is a shame but these are probably some of the people who also did n’t follow the protocols just saying 🤷 🏻‍ ♂ ️ 
One hell of a hoax would n't you say ? 
Fortunately this virus has around a  percent survival rate . 
Catabay 
luck U.S , you only start to a week ago & not that aware how dangered this virus is , its too late now , the virus already spread . 
I bet not one single person knows anyone on a personal level that has passed away from this .. waiting 
C 
C numbers on Abortion ? 
CASE ANYBODY SAYS WE LOST MORE DURING THE HINI VIRUS , WE ARE  DEATHS AWAY FROM CATCHING UP TO BE EVEN WITH THOSE NUMBERS ( , AMERICAN DEATHS TO HN VIRUS ) ! ! 
Strange about , injuries and deaths multiply , and up to now he does not want a ban on the rest of the states ! 
I live in Rhode Island !  confirmed dead so far ! One yr old and one  .. Terrible business ! 
how about you report how many have recovered ? 
You got a president setting up a target for number of deaths . He is reassuring , will do a brilliant job to reduce from k to 
k . It ’s pity 😭 😭 😭 😭 
To whom we should blame for , irresponsible people or administration ? Pathetic . 
So it ’s not a hoax ? 
" United States 
Confirmed , 
Recovered , … mult 
Quick question . Have any anti vaxxers groups said anything ( made any official statements ) about the coronavirus since it officially became a pandemic ? 
guys before sharing any post make sure its not fake news and to do that you need to make some research , I was so disappointed by finding out that this Harvard professor did n't really help china to creat coronaVirus(Im not saying I be happy if it was tr … mult 
Really Helped China To ? 
YOUTUBE.COM 
Really Helped China To ? 
Really Helped China To ? 
Krissie 
Krissie I saw a picture just like this yesterday and it turned out to be set up photo by the media with a “ dummy ” under the blanket . I do n’t trust anything you guys say anymore . 
Funny how nobody has died from anything other than virus since then 🤔 
This reminds me of SARS . I always wonder why so many folks in my state ( CA ) love to travel to China . 
so are these ppl died from the coronavirus or other diseases ! ! ! ! 
Impeach impeach impeach he only cares about the economy because he 's losing money with his company 's he owns and his golf clubs and he 's a lier about that money going to small businesses he 's a joke please get this that I wrote to she needs to take action on him rite now 
Eli 
Eli determining factor of those with multiple comorbidities . 
Lord have mercy . 
That only works when the leader is a person of faith . is not . 
Wonder what else was them .... 
That 's three /s so far . 
is spooky because it 's like Pig Pen from the Peanuts characters all that dust around him . Picture that from the person who is infected and does n't even know it until it invades him all at once like pheromones from a Ant . The signal say 's attack and your dead in  days . 
WOW looks like everyone else is overtaking China 😲 😲 
No problem still got like  million plus still around 
China to pay the price . 
And there are ,, people in the U.S. 
And how many people are recovering from it ? ? 
deaths ? 
No mask and no social substancing = super spreader virus 
Do you still surprise ? 
People must use mask in my country . If you have no mask so we ca n't allow people to go to super markets , local markets and all convenience stores for buying foods and anyt … mult 
Thanks to our strong leaders we will recover 
coronavirus , or died WITH coronavirus . distinction with a difference ... 
Well that 's getting close to the number we lose to the flu every year . kk every year and nobody bats an eye . This the most over hyped disaster in history . With so called news sources running I interviews with ppl that claim millions can die . Constantly panicking the public . You can blame the media for all the suicide and the wrecked economy . 
They should 've taken . What did they have to lose ? 
Almost half alone from , N.Y. 
Space Cadet Bone Spur got rid of the Navy Captain who saved every man and woman in his crew . 
is fueling panic , fear , and doom and gloom , last week the were promoting much higher figuers . SUCKS 
Manjunaath P 
Manjunaath P Liberals must be happy from the current situation . They will convert this in election against as an arsenal ! 
Its amazing that no one in political power ever dies from these kinds of viral attacks . 
Again 😷 
Sr . 
Sr . I left work this morning and they showed , ! ! 
How many have survived ! ! ! ! 🤔 
I doubt that . 
My cousin says " you could trip over a Lego and die and they label it a Covid death " lol 
University : 
what 's with Germany ? 
known cases … mult 
CORONAVIRUS.JHU.EDU 
Nothing to see here people . Things are going exactly as planned . Any percentage lower than  % of the US population means they did a great job and they 're really really good in medicine and stuff ... 
who are ready pliz join me and we pray together , do nt mind about my colour or my abouts , for we are one in lord before lord God Almighty , for God is , Gracious and loving , Lord will heal . 
comfort the families of the departed and heal those infected and open the eyes of 
If the Democratic ’s did not stand in the way of instead of trying to impeach .  . 
it saddens me to see this figures go high , , while knowing it could have been contained earlier 
God help us ❤ 
And k died from flu worldwide in the last  months . 
Too bad we were not better prepared , lives could have saved . 
China , must be made to pay for these deaths , sufferings and economic disasters 
and you know that 's a gross undercount because we 're not actually testing 
wow this is insane ! Truly sad . :( 
All recommendations of drugs against Convid  rotate round chloroquine ( 's much earlier recommendation ) , yet he is not a medical doctor . Maybe he has an insight knowledge how the virus works and/or made . Why are dying or is it a mass murder ? Who knows 
Dent 
news . Just because the die from other complications does n't mean killed them if they tested positive . These are nt real number . Do nt look at the death total , look at the survival rate that the fake news wo nt show you . Do your research sheep ! ! ! 
And no one has blamed ... see what did as a president how many Russians we have dead ... he can blame point fingers but at the end of the day its at the top always ... 
That 's it ? really ? May this virus cleanse the earth , the human population and restore brains to what humans are left over , so that we may begin to heal this planet again . 
Eh 
the end , I hope NYC tears down Tower for a memorial for the dead from COVID 
was inaugurated  ,  . First cases of HN hit April  , only three months later , and lasted till November . , dead .  months of coronavirus under , almost , already . 
people must stay home , thats all 
Amen 🙏 
estimated that from April  ,  to April  ,  , there were . million HN cases , with , hospitalizations and , deaths in the U.S. alone . They also estimate that worldwide , , to , people died from ( HN)pdm during the first year . 
denial of reality is going to get a lot of them dead . 
% Democrats 
Praying to God is special point to reduce the case and death 
Chijioke 
Chijioke is the devil they enjoyed when people that in news look at the face of the jonalist and you will see that they are smiling 
This is what “ hiring ” a  X bankrupt failure who inherited $  Billion from Daddy and ended up with ZERO US banks lending him a penny , ( hello New Daddy ) looks like ! ! ! 
, Movie .... people stop moving .... virus stop moving ! Simple is that ! 
i wish and i pray that ALL PILIPINO UNDERSTAND WHY OUR PRESIDENT DECLARE QUARANTEEN 
The number is flawed . University is CORRUPT . Do a little research people and stop letting " feed " you crap 
had underlying conditions 
Looks like i wo nt be voting dem this year if this what open borders gets us i 'm out ! 
Maybe if Comrade would get the testing supplies out st , to see where we stand in . Then get the masks and other PPE 's out to the medical staff maybe , just maybe , we can get this virus under control . 
Sébastien 
Sébastien battre pendant que d'autres meurt dans terrible souffrance . 
Je suis sarcastique . 
La solidarité est la clé pour vaincre pas votre force en moment , malheureusement . 
Clarence C Connelly 
Clarence C Connelly NO , k people have died DURING the COVID virus . Many died from chronic diseases that are grouped in the COVID class because they coughed , had COPD , needed oxygen , or the test kit was contaminated with COVID to give a false positive . Furthermore , many died because of limitations by the state laws and government handling of the crisis . 
I think it 's just media and politics . I do n't know that as many as that could have passed . I think we will get out of this strong and with vital lessons . 
Yep ... let ’s see how the democrats made everyone nothing more than an expendable resource in their agenda ... 
let ’s not forget “ it ’s Trumps fault ” it ’s getting hit so hard . Do n’t think so ... … mult 
, to go so POTUS can be right . 
What the heck ! ! ! Why a sudden surge ? ! ! ! This is too much ! ! ! What a terrible waste of life ! ! ! 😕 😕 😕 
Lets support this together and be free together . No discrimination from no one . We 're in this together as yah'al knows 
Why did Democrats call a racist when he said no more people to come into the country . went to Chinatown in California and told everyone it was ok to join her do n't worry . was still letting everyone in . He stocked piled ventilators … mult 
in cahoots with University should be a red flag for everyone 
does not have Common Sense . People really do n't get it that media makes money now than ever before just for spreading some negativity . 
DOWN 🗣 
No more wars please . Health of people first ! ! ! 
And how many have survived ? million . 
Now with this , it could get worse if animals may carry it ..... we hope not....https://www.usatoday.com/.../tigergotcovid...// 
sickened a tiger at the Bronx Zoo . Does that mean cats are at risk ? 
USATODAY.COM 
sickened a tiger at the Bronx Zoo . Does that mean cats are at … 
sickened a tiger at the Bronx Zoo . Does that mean cats are at risk ? 
Over , has recovered from it also but let 's not mention that though . 
This is ’s legacy . And it ’s a very dreadful reality . 
Only , ? Were n't you say saying it was over , in the US ? 
Asobie 
help me forward to who ever can help " HYSSOP " This herb can help a long way against the fight with covid  please take this serious please 
Daketima 
Jehovah , the Almighty God , have Mercy upon the People 's State , the United States of ! Amen ! 
IN THE DRUG HE ’S PUSHING AND IT ISN’T APPROVED 
So very sad ! Many people had lost loved ones . 
Thiongo 
Thiongo This is the result of an ignorant president ohh my word . very sad 
Franco 
Franco I help people through their credit cards 's because I know the society at large needs help and that us why I 'm making donation to people I can get through . 
They are counting noncororna deaths as well . The numbers are a lie . 
Imagine if we had been more prepared 
According to ’s broadcast disciples this is all a hoax brought on by the Democrats to demonize their guy ! 
Rx 
Rx I hear is immune to the virus . I guess a virus ca n’t get another virus sick 
ATTRIBUTABLE TO TRUP´S LOUSY PERFORMANCE ? . 
Lets hope it does n't go above trumps projection of , , might ruin his entire day ! 
Need whole lockdown for  weeks atleast 
praying country to come back healthy again . 
" just doing a great job , no one could have seen this coming " 
Majors 
Majors guess what more and more people are going to continue to die .. yes we need to get this under control yes we need to created vaccine and yes we need to be better equipped to handle the next one but guess what we 're not going to stop it ... when in the hi … mult 
Still more people die of the flu 
Sometimes winning is NOT winning ..... 
Kamonga 
Kamonga congratulations you 've won a free scholarship to China , Wuhan University 
Jake the Snake Tapper let say did not take this serious , without asking her about all of this ..... Why ? https://www.facebook.com//videos//UzpfSTEwMDAwMTMMDkyNjUzODoyNzgMTYNjUxMjExMTMz/ 
According to the CDC virus update as of today is  
I m 
I m and runners take note . https://www.travelbinger.com/joggingisthenew.../ 
Jogging is the new manspreading during coronavirus pandemic 
TRAVELBINGER.COM 
Jogging is the new manspreading during coronavirus pandemic 
Jogging is the new manspreading during coronavirus pandemic 
We plead for God 's mercy to bring solution to this Covid . 
It will be OK — is on top of it . 
# cnn , time to update your national coronavirus map .   ,  , , , , and , + 
Now I know I will vote red this year i want to close these borders ! 
Funny the CDC stats are much lower . 
cdc.gov 
/ 
CDC.GOV 
/ 
/ 
¿ la tuberculosis , los infartos , la diabetes y la malaria , ' apá ? 
Hey there s going to be more in detroit ppl are not listening at all . 
“ We ’re at  cases right now and we ’ll be down to  very soon . ” President 
all their blood is on trumps shoulders . 
No one cares , they do n't even care when they dropped bombs to all nations around the world . Karma ! at . Dapat sa kanila . 
But more than , have recovered . scaring us and give us the good numbers ! ! 
I thought it was in the k globally ? ? ? ? Someone is n't telling the truth 
Stay home numbers more than that 
, from the flu in  
? ? do you have a official report ? ? Post it cause it seems to me that this is FAKE NEWS ! ! ! ! 
, died in past  hours , , died in past  hours . Big win , ! 
Ho 
’ve many some changes due to COVID 
What is actually happening?does it mean that nothing can be done to prevent all this deaths , now am scared I must say . 
Start the curfew already . 😢 
Dove 
Dove That ’s more than  of the global death count . God safe us all 
Democrats are celebrating every death . It ’s one more death the can blame on 
McMillon 
n't have said it better Eduardo! 👍 🏼 😷 
NEWS ...... Just doing what they do best the DEMS PROPAGANDA machine ..... spewing doom and gloom ! 
RC 
RC is the head of the Pandumbic Team , this will be taken cared of . We ’ll see 👌 
Did you know , , die each DAY in AMERICA ? ! ! ! I agree , Covid very contagious , killing too many . Hope it ENDS , SOON . 
need to heed President 's words and stay home . 
Only , more to go according to liberal news media 
Never forgot how HE did not handle this appropriately . Remember come November ! 
Whoever does n't see how is pushing panic is blind . 
We have , to go according to . 
Ng 
Ng More fear mongering by the News Network 
is on your hands , . 
Recovered 
million still alive . That 's hope , not hate . 
Math question: … mult 
please please stop airing these  hour  min long briefings each day that are no more than rallies full of bizarre statements , incoherent ramblings and medical advice from a man who has absolutely no medical experience at all including this … mult 
This is so sad . I worry for my relatives and friends there in the US . 
is killing people more than the virus itself 
fires a Captain for helping his men , hang for letting   + die on his watch . 
You guys are ghoulish 
I did n't expect it to come to this , Pres . 
Only thing to say is this , " God have mercy on us " . 
And there are a hell of a lot more that are going uncounted . 
I 'll just leave this here : 
CDC : kk flu deaths last year 
so so many because of fake news like cnn , sad ! ! cnn should be shut down ! ! 
We need answers today and due with that Country now has example . 
give us no answers which means yourself American created it . # covid  ( ) 
Democrats like seeing this .. ot helps them turn American into a police State 
As said . " We are going really well ! " 
Ugh . So annoying that he speaks 
Everyone playing the blame game . Sad 
No need to be sad ,  milestone yet to be achieved as per Mr. President . 
Send you grievance cards to the white house because according to the president it was a hoax . 
Everybody still afraid of a little flu .... sheep 
More than , have died of the flu .. 
iTs hOaX 
The threat is real , stay home . 
Ian 
the vaccine with them . 
According to the United Nations World Population Prospects report , approximately , people die every day in the United States . In other words , a person dies in the US approximately every  seconds . You can see a live clock keeping track of how many p … mult 
Number of deaths in the United States today as of Sunday , April  ,  at :: PM 
INDEXMUNDI.COM 
Number of deaths in the United States today as of Sunday , April  ,  at … 
Number of deaths in the United States today as of Sunday , April  ,  at :: PM 
At this point was still “ on hold ” 
% destroyer building we be free of corona 
Great Again 
He ’s Such Loser 
His Facts Right … mult 
That is not good . And scary ! ! ! 
And yet people wo nt stay home 
The blood of , people are on 's pathetic hands 
PRESIDENT aka THE GRIMM REAPER 
They should nt have died . At all .. 
Never thrust ... do your own research ! 
Evangeline 
cause there saying that every one that has died has it even when they do n't , there lieing to us all 
But if . Watch news they . Come with . . Dead 
Hey ask your friends if you have friends are we winning yet ? 
Natural numbers and calculations =  death 
him take responsibility ? he never does 
on China CCP and ! 
After all this , he s still getting a higher approval ratings .... 
That 's alot of blood on the small hands ! ☹ 
He said it was a hoax 
I DON'T BELIEVE . STAY AWAY FROM MY COUNTRY ( BRAZIL ) . I STARTED CAMPAIGN TO BOYCOTT YOU THERE . 
Ha 
Ha , has died from the flu smh 🤦 ‍ ♀ ️ 
omg ! its almost like people die every day ! 
... b b b but it ’s just a hoax from the Dems ! 🙄 
What a disgusting shame . is messed up . 
And who 's the president 😨 
What ! That escalated real quick . 
Is this what the MAGA is all about ? 
, have recovered . Many with HydroChloroquin 
What kind of quick responds did wanted from the President , We will get over this too 
Tam 
nt you feel proud ? is Great again ... in  so to speak ... 😂 😂 😂 
How many have recovered ? ? ? Try sharing that too 
What s . The . Death Rate . For .  ..  . . per . Year .. You . be . . .. This is . Blown up . For . Media . Hype ! ! ! Stay home . Like . Your . Told 
# Shamefull ... 
That ’s in a few weeks ! ! ! 
How many have recovered ? ? 
few weeks ago said do n’t worry we got it under control 
' Well , you know he 's all about doing the best for his people . ' 
TUBERCULOSIS LAST YEAR ... MANY MORE FROM CANCER ( which Cannabis kills completely ) ... THIS WAS PLANNED ... # Bilderbergs 
the first  and / months and the words and actions of these sinister clowns ... https://youtu.be/NAhuSfo 
Saluting the Heroes of the Pandumbic | The Daily Show 
YOUTUBE.COM 
Saluting the Heroes of the Pandumbic | The Daily Show 
Saluting the Heroes of the Pandumbic | The Daily Show 
: It 's just a common flu , it will disappear one day like a miracle . 
: It was the Persian scholar of medicine , (   ) who first came up with the idea of quarantine to prevent spread of diseases . He suspected that some diseases were spread by microorganisms ; to prevent human to human contamination , he came u … mult 
How many people survived ? 
And how many from the flu ? ? ? ~  since October says the CDC ... but no mass hysteria 🤔 
din . 
Scrie un ...