Facebook 
cn 
Acasă 
Găseşte prieteni 
Creează 
Mesaje 
Setările contului 
Toate 
Postări 
Persoane 
Fotografii 
Clipuri video 
Market 
Pagini 
Locuri 
Grupuri 
Aplicaţii 
Mai multmeniu cu file suplimentare 
Filtrează rezultatele 
LA 
Oricine 
Tu 
Prietenii tăi 
tale 
Public 
sursă ... 
Toate postările 
Postări pe care ai văzut 
POSTATE ÎN GRUPURI 
Orice 
tale 
... 
Oriunde 
d'Arc 
locaţie ... 
Orice 
... 
Pagină 
Companie media / ştiri 
mil . 
International 
International 
Pagină      mil . 
prieteni  
International provides news and information about day 's most talked about stories around world . All times in Central European Time ( CET ) , New York  /  / Nairobi + / Dubai + / Hong Kong + / Sydney + 
Pagină      mil .     Companie media / ştiri 
ore   It 's too early to know how many Americans with HIV are dying of coronavirus . But for blacks , already more likely to die from HIV / AIDS than any other group in , it 's a double pandemic — two lethal and incurable viruses hitting at … 
, K, 
, 
, distribuiri 
Politics 
Politics 
Pagină     , mil . 
îi  
Political news , campaign stories and Washington coverage from Politics . 
Africa 
Africa 
Pagină      
îi  
Highlighting latest news and buzz from Africa on International . Get in touch via email africa@cnn.com and WhatsApp only : +    
Style 
Style 
Pagină      
Adelei  
's home for art , fashion , architecture , luxury , autos and design . 
Pagină      mil .     Companie media / ştiri 
ore   has imposed restrictions on publication of academic research on origins of novel coronavirus , according to a central government directive and online notices published by two Chinese universities , that have since been removed from … 
K 
, 
distribuiri 
Pagină      mil .     Companie media / ştiri 
ore   … and September  terrorist attacks , " writes for Opinion . 
, K, 
distribuiri 
News ( World News ) 
News ( World News ) 
Grup      membri 
Înscrie te 
Media / News Company is official face book page . The essence of this group is to develop a easy readability spirit in our communities by Uplifting People and Uniting Nations 
, postări pe zi 
Pagină      mil .     Companie media / ştiri 
apr .   People all over nation are trying to cope with new normal of life during a pandemic . The Disaster Distress Helpline , a federal crisis hotline , has seen a  % increase in call volume compared with February , and compared to last year for month of March , they had … 
, K, 
distribuiri 
Articole 
wins Alaska Democratic primary 
President has won Alaska 's Democratic primary , state party announced on Saturday . 
cnn.com 
Ieri ‧  Distribuiri 
DOJ says to ' expect action ' next week on social distancing regulation and religious services 
of Justice said it expects to take action next week regarding impact social distancing regulations are having on … 
cnn.com 
acum  ore ‧  Distribuiri 
' & Grace ' actor 's social distancing videos will make you laugh Video 
Actor is posting funny videos on Instagram to entertain masses , ranging from painting his toenails to story … 
cnn.com 
apr . ‧  Distribuiri 
is an American news based pay television channel owned by AT&T 's WarnerMedia . was founded in  by American media proprietor as a our cable news channel . 
See more 
Data lansării : February  ,  
Is this information accurate ? 
Da 
Nu 
Content from Wikipedia article licensed under CC BY SA . 
English ( US )  ( Brasil ) 
Confidenţialitate  Publicitate  Module cookie 
Mai mult 
Facebook ©  
Discută cu prietenii 
m 
GRUP 
Ilinca , 
–  ( in quarantine ) 
, , ,  
CONTACTE (  ) 
Caută 
Mai multe postări încărcate . 	
ore 
has imposed restrictions on publication of academic research on origins of novel coronavirus , according to a central government directive and online notices published by two Chinese universities , that have since been removed from web . 
has imposed restrictions on publication of academic research on origins of novel coronavirus , according to a central government directive and online notices published by two Chinese universities , that have since been removed from web . 
CNN.COM 
imposes restrictions on research into origins of coronavirus 
has imposed restrictions on publication of academic research on origins of novel coronavirus , according to a central government directive and online notices published by two Chinese universities , that have since been removed from web . 
has imposed restrictions on publication of academic research on origins of novel coronavirus , according to a central government directive and online notices published by two Chinese universities , that have since been removed from web . 
K 
, 
distribuiri 
Comentează 
Distribuie 
i 
Cele mai relevante 
Moldovan 
Scrie ... 
We need to cut off contact with . We can create our own factories here in United States for things we need . The Chinese government is not reliable and we need to take that into consideration when we shipped our factory businesses overseas to them . We need to bring it back to United States . 
And I assure you this surprises no one . 🤭 
All their restrictions , past and present will not prevent truth from coming out . 
If it is a manufactured virus they need to be held accountable , not just for virus but their intentions . 
I wish I have authority to restrict all countries around world from dealing with . 
, 
There are only two plausible explanations for low numbers of death in .  . They under reported mortality  . They knew exactly how contagious and deadly this virus was in population . Totally shutting down Wuhan 's economy for an " unknown virus " so drastically would suggest .... They knew ! 
Then stop buying our medical equipment and rest of products from ! 
WHY ? Not to ’s advantage to make secrets or cover up potential discoveries to protect human race . Of course we forget has taken over production of ‘ things ’ but sadly they care little for their own humans prove me otherwise . 
The world should be sharing all info with each other . We are all in this together . Let ’s act like it . 
They manipulated virus in lab and then things got out of hand accidentally when corona unleashed . If this version is proven then will pay scores of money plus loss of credibility . They will do whatever they can to cover up . 
So would any other government in world put restrictions on this publication . Only common sence 
If one was n’t suspicious before , we might be after this announcement . This casts an even worse light on . It looks like they are covering up truth . 
Gee i wonder why . Communist are so generous and forthcoming 🤔 🙄 
knows investigations will kick off once whole world is back on its feet and best way to do it is to conceal as much as possible to avoid exposure — restrict publication , global mode of communication among researchers . You like it or not , is becoming Superpower after this 
Of course they have . There must be a reckoning with . Human rights violations , misinformation , concentration camps and a source of recent coronavirus outbreaks . The world is too small for countries like this . 
must be held responsible for world disaster it caused due to its deliberate negligence and cover up at early transmission . 
The virus was created by and planted into . 
Hmmm maybe and other News agencies should spend more time reporting this cover up and consider trashing instead of current administration in United States ? ? 
No one in world should do business with until they start to put human life above profits and government power . 
definitely has something that it is hiding from rest of us . 
Three of four documented strains of corona viruses have their origins in , next one may be even worse . 
Only a country with something to hide would impose such restrictions . 
Not knowing where and how virus , any virus , will mean that there 'll not be an understanding on how to keep it from resurfacing / reinfecting again . 
Photos 
Photos so obvious they did it on purpose 😡 
They already have cure they are just waiting for us to negotiate 
Monopoly .... Now no more of it ... 
You are responsible for lives that went for your amusement ... will pay price ... 
Muchoki J. Wahome 
Muchoki J. Wahome is greatest threat this world faces ... end of world will be made in . 
Parent 
, this is n't going to help conspiracy theories ... 🤷 
Gourley 
well that ’s not suspicious 
Of course they did all I can do is laugh at this point . 
Hamza 
wuhan virus was made by Chinese government to screw US economy 
and WHO were lying to world whole time . No human to human transmission in mid January and our doctors believed it . 
Just 
people should have listened to President about . 
Of course they have 
should be held for responsibility of spreads that caused world pandemic 
This is evil ! These guys had a motive with virus spread and lying about it ! Shame 😢 
virus originated in Wuhan . Period . 
They do n't want to admit it was cooked up in lab in Wuhan . 
Was n't right on and ? 
This must have hurt to have to publish this , considering all praise they have been giving and all trashing they have been doing regarding . 
Because they created it 🙄 
States gives millions and millions of dollars pays off a Harvard scientist who then gave Chinese students working for in u.s sensitive research viles of substances students was stopped at airport while doctor was arrested it ’s a mess right now United States is its worse enemy to self 
And we will still buy their electronics and borrow their money 
After all this , whole world will be pretty upset at . 
We got to stop relying on these mercenaries 
That 's because they created it . It 's called " chemical warfare " . It did n't come from eating wild animals . Those people have been eating wild animals out in rural areas for years , and this has n't happened before . SMH 
and then conspirancy theorists have a solid argument . corona virus was a lab leakage from wuhan biochemical labs and not from live and dead animal market in wuhan ! 
Nalwadda 
's characteristic of . It decides what to put out to public . The president does nt have to explain himself that its ' fake news ' , he just orders you to put news down 
Not surprised 🙄 I also feel like they padded their numbers like how did something start in your country and u only have like  cases ? 🤔 🤔 
Was coronavirus COVID  created in as a Biological Warfare ? Genetics study may show that it was developed through combination of bat RNA to ACE receptors . I can see why they want to keep this hidden . 
Refuse to buy anything ! ! MADE IN CHINA ! ! ! 
Evidence released a bio weapon , should be sued out of existence 
The truth is that whole world should isolate 
This , is not acceptable . is crossing a line here and this effort to close off research into this topic should be taken very seriously . Even if is willing to act like this is a matter of privacy . 
If we can charge an individual with terroris … mai mult 
STOP 🛑 SELLING ALL WILD ANIMALS AT FOOD MARKETS IN CHINA ! 
Sr . 
Sr . The UN needs to do something , and needs to start building things here so we do n't have to rely on . 
What I ca n't understand is , a country with billions of people managed to lose only  people to covid now this , what else are they covering up , where are whistle blowers at ? 
No research required . It came from . That 's a fact . 
About time other countries to do some economic distancing with , from . 
Masters 
W.H.O. and work for . Big surprise .. 
is using bio warfare to take over world . 
Cause they have something to hide . them accountable . 
owes a lot to world , many children lost their parents , entire familes devastated . 😡 
What exactly are they trying to conceal ? There 's too much dependence on goods made in , almost everything you pick up says " made in " . 
Oi 
much proof does world need that knew and was hiding origins of virus and that is they do not want any research into origins ! Their own scientist stated it in article , albeit under a condition of anonymity , bc we all know what happens to Doctors there who sound alarm . Meanwhile , United States suffers . It is Apocalyptic in New York City . The deaths are out of control . 
P.j . 
P.j . All this effort to control narrative instead of just closing their markets that sell wildlife . 
Canopy 
Canopy 's fight for supremacy was far taken for granted . The world sat down Soo unconcerned , they have been planning this for ages . It reminds me of movie Titans . Were imperious said I unleashed Titans . Now has unleashed Titans and virus are in same watsap group with us if u do n't exit from group n stay at home , could be too late bro 😡 
Truc 
knows that it is originated from . No need to do any research . 
We all agree ..... world must act now on .... world greatest treat is n't middle east it 's far east ... all nations must join together and attack now .. they have drawn first blood 
International blanket boycott of and Chinese government . Nothing else will do 
Yeah ! they want to find a cure and get a bunch of $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ from it . The heck with world humanity ! PLEASEEEEEEEEE do n't buy anything made in ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 
has to win next election at all cost now ... mystery behind first victory is yet to be unraveled aye . Stop attacking .... if tables turned would be hailed for it ’s swift response to outbreak .... one time things does n’t g … mai mult 
know what they are doing and everything will be revealed soon , just a matter of time . 
how will denied origin of corona virus ... whole people in world knew that this virus was came from wuhan .... either this came from wet market or research laboratory in wuhan ... its ... 
Of course wants “ restriction related to virus origin since it started at its labs close to Wuhan . 
No need to find origin of Covid . It is obvious it started in . 
President and current occupant of Oval office share similar traits and instincts aimed at their political survival , and nothing more . 
USA v soon , kinetic warfare and saber rattling begin . 
After this Covid Pandemic is over , will be in unimaginable pressure from International Community to explain whole origin of this virus . And Chinese gov’t will need to make a significant help to those affected to somehow tilt some balance on this growing animosity on them & how they handled outbreak yet then . Otherwise there will be war 🤬 
That ’s cause bat got out of THEIR bag , and at end of day when this is all said and done they will feel it economically least , while US and rest of western world is in for terrible times . If this was n’t an attack on us I ’d hate to see them do it intentionally ! 
think all countries should just stop any business or travels with , let ’s pay more of for iPhones and continue to be able to breath 
Os 
blood of innocents will not let go free if they ’re really responsible 
most Powerful country ever . 
Respect for 🙏 
Its officially against world . 
Well taking up and making excuses for certainly DID NOT age well . Where are you ? 
I am overwhelmed really because for any one working in science meaning of this is very very query .. 😮 😮 😯 😳 
Kassim 
Kassim They can control narrative as much and paint rosy picture of how great a country they are at curbing disease but fact of matter is they are root cause of this evil . Where is your greatness in helping world overcome this disease ? 
Imposing restrictions on origin of such deadly virus can be considered as a high crime against humanity ? What is hidding to world ? UN should quickly vote a resolution to allow international chemical weapons experts and scientists to inves … mai mult 
PK 
is ridiculous ! Is succeeding in spread of her communistic propaganda globally . Can World unite and fight against this atrocious monster before emergence of another apocalypse . 
Well ... this makes no sense ... all countries should be working together ... this bothers me .... 
Yet people STILL laugh when I post this kinda stuff , desperate to blame for this and not obviously guilty party : . 
Sikapa 
world can survive without , God bless , Europe and Africa and make us strong . has betrayed rest of world ! 
The world should hold accountable 
They are doing this all because of super world power , they are trying distract other countries from development while they are planning ahead of future . is not to be trusted anymore . 
How I wish those guys at and MSNBC can spend their energy discussing and analyzing this instead of bashing from morning till night , turning a tragedy into a mudslinging fest . 
Yeah , ! You caused pandemia now you do n't even want to help to stop it . 
Researchers need to study surge , timing of spreading , origin and mutations of Wuhan Virus , effects on World Health and its consequences for … mai mult 
Everyone says cut off .... if made in was profitable for companies and organizations and affordable for Americans it could happen . Fact is corporate is in it for money and Americans want to pay least they can . Imagine … mai mult 
I truly hope it was not made in ... they ca n’t be accountable for huge loss of death .. 😞 
Obviously they would ... hoping atleast now that World Powers unite against Chinese and restrict trade with them henceforth ... let them realise what damage they have done to World ... 
Just sue for Christ sake ! 
does n't want to investigate Chinese virus ? Interesting . Just as interesting as their ficticous death toll number . 
Well look at that . Not one mention of  in article . 
I 'm sure trade and business will change dramatically with after this little stunt 
Obi 
Obi should come and build more factories in Africa , especially Nigeria , South Africa and Ghana ... Africa will patronize American products very well ... do n't let take a lead in investing in Africa ... please my great Americans consider this fact ... Africa is a great continent to pact with in business .... 
We should bring back “ Made in USA ” ! 
Information warfare .... If imposes restrictions on research into origins of coronavirus , I do n't think all other countries will do . is not knew in scientific field , only present is a new strain .... 
Any news report by should be taken with a pinch of salt , because it 's a FAKE NEWS media organisation . would not even take serious .... 
Must be fault , can do no wrong says traitor network . 
States citizens should be able to sued for damages to our every day life .... 
It originated there , world knows 
do not punish then they are part of problem 
Many people were complained about and never listen to him because of political power but whole world will know truth about that they are nothing but devil 
People with right brain knows created it 
What is , Russia , and covering up ? As we hear nothing out of Russia . 
Worldwide 
Worldwide Remove heavy taxes , so that companies can be attracted to reside at home and set up manufacturing plants . It ’s not too late to reverse course here or pay an even heavier price in future if is not stopped . 
Well this just confirms it folks . It is from . is right all along ! 
But but ... It 's racist to criticize . Their successful control of pandemic is praiseworthy . I am sure this restriction is fault of , in some way . 
🙄 🙄 
" We got a word for that kind of odd in English . It 's called suspicious . " 
The doctor who told everyone about virus and it 's dangers , died in days ... There is something about this all thing that is trying to hide .. 
Their actions alone speaks words of their hidden agenda . The world needs to claim damages and support of WHO that believed and informed world too late of spread of Covid neglecting Taiwan 's call of danger of spread . 
has failed world and must come out to apologise with compensations for all affected nations . What is trying to hide . After all no secrets stays forever . The truth of matter will come to light in no time . 
No , that ’s not how this works , especially when you have whole world dying left and right 
Say 
wonder , what 's so afraid of ? Do n't they understand that by doing so they are only reinforcing world 's perception that had not been transparent with what had actually started from Wuhan ? 
Let 's us as a nation put a stop to " made in " 
For purpose of wise spread of Virus ? 
I think leaders of each countries should wake up look at thier people they were buying products and stored it at their warehouse and send it to very smart 😡 😡 😡 
is going to take over economy say no more 
There are those who prefer darkness in many forms . Darkened intellect is just one of them . The “ Dark Ages ” returns Both here & in . 
k 
k They need to be held responsible for this . Every country must make government pay ! 
I 'll try my very best chinese products even thier most famous craftmanship ! ! even their movies i m also done to huawei 😏 and even this phone of mine to after this lockdown , is in blame for making world miserable . this massacre made by is unforgettable . 
If and world health organization had been truthful about their statement " no human to human transmission " we would be in a whole lot better  right now ! 😷 
If roles were reversed and we were responsible for this outbreak .... would either make us pay or threaten to kill us . But US wants to wait until pandemic is over to look into it which clearly gave heads up to clean up a mess because our people made our plan public ..... like WTF 
They released this Virus , it was to attack west 
has been telling us on several times that is more dangerous that Russia . No one could reason with . Americans united behind your leader . 
has really LOST FACE on world stage . I 'll not be buying their products . Buy Local 
And has reopened country . If world leaders do n't act on this , we are all in bigger trouble than we are in now . 
They are putting restrictions on CHINA VIRUS . 
Did it only break out in wuhan ? And not rest of ? 
why .. with our economy crippled would feel ripple effect .. their economy would take a hit ... our very own govt has experimented on unsuspecting citizens ... /Unethical_human ... 
Unethical human experimentation in United States Wikipedia 
EN.WIKIPEDIA.ORG 
Unethical human experimentation in United States Wikipedia 
Unethical human experimentation in United States Wikipedia 
tells truth as often as does 
Well hello , is a Communist country . 
Hanna 
n’t worry we will figure it out and let you know ! 
to AMAZON facebook page and let ’s flood our demands that they boycott . This is how eco capitalism works ! 
The whole world has to wake hell up and realize that nothing good will ever come out of . This is one of worst dictatorships humanity has ever seen . Any information that comes out of about coronavirus epidemic or anything else ha … mai mult 
Of course . Nothing surprising from communist ! 
Sangwa 
Sangwa I am afraid it is becoming clear that is untrust worthy and if left unchecked , world might one day wake up and is in catastrophe of unimaginable scale worse than this current coronavirus calamity , world must act now or prepare for worse under current CCP leadership sad 
Wait , . I thought was creator of CV . Wo n't research into origins simply comfirm claim ? 
Frauds and liars . As usual . 
Well this is gon push that war with conspiracy 
Man made in a LAB 🤔 I 'm Canadian even I know that lol 
if you want us to stop relying on for manufacturing , that is easy , just stop buying stuff that was made in . It will take a while for US based manufacturing to make up difference and it will cost more , maybe much more , but that is a choice each of us can make . 
They ca n't be blamed if there 's no concrete evidence of where coronavirus came from 
I guess we 're all stuck with bat theory . 
Because does n't want people to know that they knew for weeks before telling people and letting it spread 
Selvarangan 
and try not to buy made goods . ! ! 
It 's been suggested that it came out of a lab in Wuhan accidentally . 
They would not want that to get out . 
They have really shot themselves in foot , world wide countries are going to start manufacturing at home , ca n't trust Chinese supply chain . 
statements might be doctored to suit certain narratives or blackmail Him but only time proves him right . He called it virus they said is racist , He said worked in collaboration with they said He is lying but facts are getting out gradually 
When this is all under control around world should have to do something for other countries period . I still wonder if it came from those  bio labs in wuhan ? 
And yet countries and WHO still praising ’s efforts and other countries still working with 
By concealing something indicates you want to hide some facts , people all over world owe an explanation from , why ? 
truth come out ... has to pay 
If world refuse to take proper action against , Believe will still do same in future and that may be most horrible . Than Covid . 
Did n't use to work for a company in ? 
It is really mysterious and freakish ! ! 
When people are dying every minute and everything has come to a standstill all over world is only country which seems to be in a festive mood . They opened up almost everything . A sheer paradox . 
They restrict many things from being published in but they have no control in U.S. 
is hiding something , this is an eye opener 
Imagine a life without " Made in " 
Wait , I thought it was racist to criticize ... ? ? ? 
# . We can survive without that country 
Because this virus most likely was created by man not a " bat " we had in a corner with tariffs sanctions war on trade ... People can be so blind 
fooled world . God made universe , and rest including virus , fake news , problems and drugs were made in . 
loves . Or bought by 
Scrimieri 
, they are actually saying : we did it . 
If that 's case , then leave us with no choice than to say : 
They created . 
No surprise ! I am trying my best not to buy anything made in that country . Hard but I will try . 
It 's a bio chemical weapon . 
It 's meant to destroy world economies . 
knows it can not win through armed conflict . 
You will never get truth from . 
Y do n't USA take a strong action against for making her accountable for spread of corona 
Made in is biggest threat hahaha 
is doing great 👍 research works so what 's problem 😊 cnn ? 
is a Ponzi scheme . They fool their people into sacrificing to get them off ( or better off ) from top down , meaning help top so top can then help you . The people of course never see a way ahead . 
Does n't this prove right , once again ? 
This is why companies need better incentives to move away from manufacturing . After this virus is done , companies will still choose profit over people . 
Why is this a surprise ? If anything , this should be a wakeup call between way they handled this and SARS . Other countries should not be so reliant on , and personally , I am willing to pay more for products so that we ca n't be held hostage to t … mai mult 
Since ever ... CHINA produce pandemic caos .... Since year  .... in 
TENOR 
So let all countries in world distance themselves from 
The world leaders are not taking this seriously by now we should be seeing massive sanctions on 's for their profound involvement in this coronavirus that had put global citizens at risks . That will not happen any time soon because is caretaker of world production 😐 😐 
There 's some evidence that this Corona virus was created in a lab in . Both houses of Congress need to investigate this . 
Now will buy everything due to economic collapse here 
Sheikh 
need to stop dealing with . Make your own stuff . 
It 's about time to probe this country . The virus , as we all know , originated from . If they refuse to cooperate and disclose vital information that can help fight this pandemic , I think each affected country has right to demand sanctions and penalties from them . This is not a racist rant , it 's about accountability . We demand justice for lives lost and suffering from this crisis . 
Yeah thought was their friend hell no I 'm sure by should know where to channel their hatred . Stop racism and focus on real sh**t 
No one is stating one of facts : 
, public and private 
Sold this country out a long time ago for money to many countries like etc. … mai mult 
is fully responsible for all lives lost in pandemic 
Until world boycotts , they 'd continue their bs . I 'm glad talks are ongoing about moving many American production companies to . 
Gba 
Gba They have already put entire world into a dilemma . All countries must buy almost all medical equipment from them at moment because no country is working as of now . 
Hiding information is as bad as lying . Shame on Chinese government 😡 
This disease definitely not came from any animal , disease developed in laboratory and then spread as per Chinese government plan . No virus in this world can be this much dangerous for human life which get infected thru any animal it 's definitely not animal supplied disease , it 's biological war started by Chinese government , unfortunate but true 😢 😢 
imposed this restrictions because was hammering them , let 's blame for this too 
all nation to accuse and file case against 
I ’m shocked that cnn post this .. i got impression that they were all for .. 
Bright 
Bright remember .... A bird that flies away and lands on an anthill is still on ground 
Come on mister President it ’s time we start manufacturing our own products and close traveling to and from . We have lost too many lives . God be with us all . 
The whole world needs to SUE and impose restrictions to their government ASAP ! We need answers ! 
let 's change made to made usa . it is only option to defeat Chinese communism . 
Why is this a surprise ? If anything , this should be a wakeup call between way they handled this and SARS . Other countries should not be so reliant on , and personally , I am willing to pay more for products so that we ca n't be held hostage to them . 
resign entirely responsible . 
Surprising yet not . Heaven forbid something bad happen in . 
Son 
Son should expect new trade restrictions from USA when war on Covid is over 
I wonder why they should do that and publish it . Nobody in west would believe it anyway . Or is it a case of bashing . 
Everybody was outsmarted by . Plain and simple . 
It seems that is hiding or avoiding something . Hope not what I 'm thinking 
Akingbulugbe 
Akingbulugbe and culture of conceal facts and reality 
Low 
is hilarious . You guys do n't even do your research but depend solely on who has been publishing anti articles for quite some time . I 'm not offended cos I 'm Malaysian but still lack to facts and allegations without sufficient facts are worrying . No different from supporters . 
Just about Everything we have is from ! The restrictions may come from rebellion against tax Tariff that was imposed on them ! 
Typical freedom of research in 
has succeeded in making itself ' ' A Thorn in The flesh ' ' . 
Why ? Because they do n't want world to know how they screwed up ? 
they have some nerve ! someone should sue them already and make pay ! 
Typical of . Scientific Medical studies to be approved by clueless politicians . rin . 
I thought Tripoli and Benghazi are worst  but I 'm starting to think that it 's ' land of people greedy for power ' 
wants to become superpower by all means and its too late 
Nothing that comes out of is believable anyway . 
Upon all scientist we have in world , if they ca n't find solutions to this virus there could be only one solution I suggest . All Europeans counties Americans should come together and shout down I believe virus will vanish ... 
Any country that owe should refuse to pay . 
is donating medical equips to all over world , may be its infected materials . Its war . 
Justice 
Justice I wish I could stop Chinese occupation of Zambia territorial landscape ! ! 
, now crazy conspiracy lovers of all things suspicious will be all over this . 
Every mistake is a new lesson . Though we are still suffering from wreath of virus , let 's also bear in mind that these guinea pigs ( ) can just wake up one day and make world sick with their exported consumables ... Let 's all raise a red flag against them and stay focused 
min 
Its odd why Epoch Times provided more sense towards bringing vital info on this matter as to just provide an idea towards why is restricting its hands to vital info about its study on corona viruses . International seems to late on this regards . 
Yeah why you need to waste time and money to research it ? 
It 's obvious , from ! 
I just save you millions dollars . 
The basis of ’s economic dominance was starvation subsistence wages and communist government intervention in their manufacturing system . Consumer oriented businesses all over globe took advantage of cheap prices for goods to make tremendous profits at expense of their own workers and entire economies . We have only ourselves to blame . We could n’t punish now if we wanted to . 
Maybe will just come forward ? Dream 
out every single foreign company manufacturer in . We should stop giving them money , less money less power ! 
like needs one of these 
needs to hold accountable . 
lie rest world is clearly what militaris labs of create chinese peste(covid ) 
I really hope focus of right now is getting rid of trump but not trying to dig dirts on .. narrative of virus being made or simply originated from has been already used by to run away from his incompetency , and you … mai mult 
There is something suspicious which does n't want to disclose 
The responses here say is ready for a real war .... so let 's all just go to every bar in and start a bar fight ! 
Arballo 
Arballo kind of fishy and claims that virus was made in lab by a Chinese virologist who was doing research at Unversity of North Carolina . Back in November , what a coincidence that she returned to Wuhan , of all s ! 
I say we find out what cause coronavirus , Find out what will fix it . And better help and not get in way . 
as bad as current U.S. administration ! 
Judgement day is coming and there wo n't be any secret to hide from God . 
is Obviously hiding something 
Whatever it is is concealing something anyhow .... 
It seems " Elephants fighting " between and . 
Missionary 
country has something to hide . Any country that has nothing to hide is not a serious country . has tons of things to hide . Stop pretending to be naive and if indeed you are naive , let me help you understand what just happened . has … mai mult 
Why would promote stories from ? 
What s difference between north Korea and 🤔 
If its made in , then I do n't need it ! 
never ceases to surprise us . It 's very dangerous . An attitude that can be described as a " crime against humanity " . 
If was USA president could be history . 
It is time for to take accountability for misleading information about virus and by that spreading it out uncontrollably around globe . It is time to sue ! 
I would trade with and Europe any day than trade with . 
Yoy trade with a third world country and wealth shifts to them . They get richer you get poorer . 
We need to avoid Chinese products and 
So that authorize to ban all chinese junks ... So finally i can say # fuckchinesevirus ... 
They need to be held accountable big time . 
Seriously why are we still doing business with these clowns ? ! We have sanctioned countries like cuba , north korea , russia , iran for far less damages . 
Definitely makes me think they are responsible now . 
Long D. 
Long D. Congress need to focus into investigation of origin coronavirus and hidden enemy that kills our people . We need to know . 
The world 🌏 should not be silent or quite over this issue because pandemic has cause great harm to world ... virus does n't just form itself , there 's something world has n't known / find out about .... I Stand for Justice and Humanity 
Because virus came from their lab in Wuhan and not from a bat like they want everyone to believe 
Yea , because they engineered stuff in a lab and it got out . They weaponized flu . 
I ’m writing a thank you card as we speak . 
Can i ask to know that on what basis this step was done .... ? 
I think in this time it is better to know about coronavirus as much as possible because there would be more chances of finding its treatment discovery .. ! 
does n't use facts , it 's politics afrer all . 
" Studies on origin of virus will receive extra scrutiny and must be approved by central government officials ... " 
What is real virus here 🤔 
This says it all . " The increased scrutiny appears to be latest effort by Chinese government to control narrative on origins of coronavirus pandemic " 
Of course they do . They are afraid world will find out truth . 
That is how a chameleon act . How on earth can rest of world especially Developed World expect to compete with a Country which has assess to information about other Countries in all spheres and they can go everywhere , spy and others , yet you are n't free and ca n't assess hers . It 's a pity . 
🤔 ya THANK ? ? ! Of course they ’re stalling . The world will soon know this was man made and oops CLUSTERF*K 
Hit them where it hurts them most . Their economy . Is rest of world gon do something ? ? ? We all know answer ... 
It does n’t really matter what country it start it from it ’s here we need to find a way to stop it from spreading and infecting us with this virus 🦠 
is responsible for spreading of COVID  must be asked about this disaster what they did . 
are playing a really dangerous game . 
The owners of dogs are now in robes , how do censor journals to be checked by ministry before they are being published . There 's no smoke without fire . 
I do n't get how they even have a right to do that . It 's a world wide virus . 
authority is becoming more and more inhuman everyday 
more upset that called it virus than fact they created it to crash our economy . Mental illness 
Wamuyu 
course they would . 
The whole world should isolate . 
The damage was done we know once again Chinas inability to enforce control over its wild life consumption has caused another deadly virus 
# ccpvirus # xivirus authoritarian regimes can not coexist with science , rationality , common sense , freedom and democracies . Economic dealings with this Chinese government is a crime on all levels 
is guilty and responsible for coronavirus . 
is essential to stop spread of fake news . That 's just what you need in US，Fake news media ！ 
US is heartless with its wars but not as heartless as what did . 
Why so dirty ... can not understand why they did it really ... what a shame .. sad 
min 
Rondik 
on research , would n’t that be biased ? 🧐 
Well now we know its def chinas fault 
They know they are accountable ... to whole world . 
That 's incredibly suspicious for Chinese government to with hold information on virus . 
And you wonder why ... lol ! They ’ve been hiding truth since beginning , and WHO is helping them in conceiving this info . 
when trump called it Chinese virus you were all over him . now you are seeing it 
Is it not same Chinese and MSNBC where defending against their own government . That is why calls them fake news because millions of people do n't take them serious 
What is reason beyond .... its a big questionmark ? ? ? ? ? 
We are just too quick to judge Chinese .. According to scientific research , gene code of coronavirus was not designed in lab .. ai n't a biological weapon .. So sad some religious sets Wants us believe it was unleashed by Chinese government because it proves evolution true and made science beyond relevance ... 
Ofcourse . And supported by Chinese Health organization ? Sorry i meant world health organization .... doesnt make any difference either way right ? 
No human being can create something living only modify . The origin is stipulated . 
What does CCP have to hide ....... TRUTH 
Duprie 
people are fake and so extremely wicked . 
The world needs to cut off with these people 
Yao 
should focus on finding vaccines to virus for now 
Problem of seeking superiority regardless of consequences 
no worries .. there will be a  or  whistleblowers as always .. 
Another plot twist . 
All pandemics stem from ignorance and fear is most deadliest weapon on earth . Lets educate ourselves to know truth and lets not be another sheep in herd . 
There are lots of speculations regarding this virus . US claims that s its natural and not man made . Some says its a man made . Hoping that when curved flattened and pandemic is over , this mess should be investigated for sake of whole world . 
The same here with Climate Change . Everything is censored to stay with narrative that Climate change is a hoax invented by Chinese . 
They do n't want to know their invention to how kill people 😀 😂 
US needs to cut ties with this evil country . They released this monster and need to pay . 
The whole world should put embargo on them ! ! ! 
And this surprises NOBODY ! ! ! Maybe only . 
Germain 
us reduce drastically our demand for Chinese products and focus more on home grown or home made African product . 
Why hide research ? This is going to backfire ! Science must NEVER be muzzled , for absolutely NO reason whatsoever ! 
flu originally came from a pig farm in Kansas . You do n't hear about that . It was called Spanish flu because it was detrimental in Spain . So it seems that man writes history and history does not write its self . 
Ó hAodha 
Ó hAodha Epoch Times has already exposed as being  % responsible for creating and dispersing this biological weapon to impact world . They use citations from papers published over last  years in a variety of peer reviewed scientific and medical journals . MUST be held accountable for their world wide attack . 
I ’m kind of a conspiracy theorist on this whole coronavirus .. not that it ’s a hoax but there is something really strange going on ... and now this article ... hmmm why would they need to vet academic papers before they publish ... plus Chinese CDC is located  miles from Wuhan wet market ... hmmm is this coronavirus man made ? ? Idk just all kind of strange definitely real 
It 's a man made virus . Exactly why they will not allow anyone to study origin of virus . 
PROBLEM of world today is ... no doubts indeed ... 
If that does n’t scream “ we have something to hide ” I do n’t know what does 
BIOLOGICAL WARFARE a novel come to life ! 
accountable ! To many deadly illnesses have come out of that country ! ! ! 
I thought it did n’t start in ? Was n’t that liberal narrative ? 
That 's probably because they created viruses and literally violating Geneva convention on bio warfare . 
So that they can blame poor Africans 
I ’m mostly shocked that would post this about their socialist buddies 
The are restricting it , because THEY CREATED IT ! ! Even though it is their fault , they will not accept responsibility for their actions . Selfish , corrupt nation ! ! 
Chinese scientist started conducting experiments on human DNA on March of  ! ! ! them accountable ! ! 
Well that is just going to fuel conspiracy theories . 
This virus is laboratory made gun ...  World War and this kind of an biological war will do good for mother earth ! Be safe and stay home ! 
Surprise 
Why would they want us to find out they accidentally created a virus ? 
Like they want to go to World Court over this . 
I ca n't believe Chinese News Network is posting this . What did do this time 
I guess they are no different than US when it comes to transparency . Shutting up experts and keeping them away from media , is now a common thing . 
Did n’t North Korea promise us a huge “ Christmas Present ? ” 
Trying to clean up crime scene after wrecking global economy with wuhan virus truly wicked 
As with everything else that their government want silenced ... 
It 's just a matter of time . Nothing under blue sky will ever be hidden forever . 
Well what does he have to hide ? ? 
Biological weapon gone awry or let out on purpose ? 
Everything has to be made in USA now 👍 
I wonder why . Do you think was experimenting with virus in their level  bio lab to develop a bio weapon . 
Su 
Su praying for their own people to stand againsts them . they will easily crumble from inside 
What ’s new story you gon make to world after eating “ bat soup ” 🦇 and blame it to another country ? So shameful of them . 
Should call Chinavirus instead of 🦠 
It U.S. and it allies and Can not be . President said it is flue and it will finish soon . How did he know ? If he was n't aware of it ? Come on . Stop nonsense . 
Epoch Times origin on it .. seriously it explains origins of it back in  ... from SARs to bats and how proteins in virus had to created to infuse with body . 
documentary in Epoch times about corona origin . 
So , it 's clear now they 're covering truth 
They have to pay . What 's going to happen to other countries ? Economies will go down , a lot of people will die . And who 's one would remain standing and ever powerful ? ! Na ah ! ! ! They have to pay . 
If vegan is so great , why do you want it to taste like beef ? ? 
So obvious ! They can not escape truth and their responsibility about Corona Virus ... They will pay trillions of damages and fall of Chinese Economy is expected . Chinese products should be boycotted and their restaurants ... 
Alan 
Alan . Authoritarian regimes are always threatened by truth . Like too . Little minded people . 
it 's not chinese people who are evil ... It 's CCP ( chinese communist party ) that is pure EVIL ! 
block exchanging of information ? do n’t say ! ! ! 
We need to know how and why was this virus done or created ! 
What a suprise .. how open they are according to WHO 
That ’s what communist / dictator run countries do 
Hide facts . 
They must be held accountable for all these lies . 
No . It was a lab . Set up in . Arrested . The man . From Harvard . Ok . Listen to news . 
Boniecki 
have learned nothing from arresting doctors who warned of virus . I will start supporting goods made outside of that authoritarian regime . 
Surgeon 
cups will be full very soon . Its just a matter of time . 
nobody really knows origin . is American media , anything to make as if is evil one when they are losing in all fields . accusing who , voa , what next ? , 
Simple make restrictions to them if they like to get in to any country 
Of course they did ! This was done on purpose . 
Leaves alot to wonder . If nothing to hide ..... hmmmm 
No need to research , this very act defines origin 
Instead of restricting research it is better to restrict Chinese habit of eating everything moves ! ! ! 
Blame not you idiots . 
for truth ! 🇺 🇸 👍 
How has n't been declared a threat to humanity 
must be held accountable for this massacre . 
No need for research .... world knows 
Sosic 
they are trying to hide something because they are guilty 
How can u research something u have made .... That is highest level of stupidity . 
we have all evolved to not trust every source of information , but I do believe one thing . something is n't normal about all of this which tells me things are n't what they seem and there is some kind of hidden agenda about all of this . There is alot goin … mai mult 
No matter how we try to cover up anything in life , God has a miraculous power of exposing it ..... it 's just a matter of time . 
At this point entire country should be turned into a glass parking lot . 
Its time to start saying " NO " to " chinese products .. ! ! " 
What ? Restrictions again ? This CCP is not kind of country that will lead this world . A secretive , proud , selfish one . 
They 're mastermind and they have antidote already . Why surely bring world into stand still you devils ! ! . 
, please do n’t re do what is already been discovered by government research . 
Omg ! Conspiracy theory is actually real This is not COVID it is CHINA VIRUS man made . 
They eat meat and other nations suffer . Why reject research ? ? ? 
Those behind this are giving us something to worry about while major plan is taking effect in dark by our supposed innocent leaders 
Of course they did . Because people are realizing this was n't from a bat . 
Nothing passed God . Prayers changes things , will bow to prayers . Just have faith in God . God bringeth and taketh away ! 
was right to call it Chinese virus.if not for a good reason that they best know , why would they put that kind of restriction ? 
Mmm they have worlds heart in their hand about to squeeze life out of it 😱 😱 🤬 🤬 
Ugwu 
I was thinking that this virus was just a virus but with what am seeing presently am beginning to suspect that its a biological weapon used against some country 
Obviously they are hiding something . 
The virus was created in a Chinese lab to damage USA economy and Mexican beer company " Corona " . 
Cham 
an evil country , devil himself ! 
Just goes to reiterate what rest of world thinks .... released by CCP covered up by CCP so that everyone in world is exposed ..... absolutely pathetic government 
No matter how a country system look like , it 's all depend on country Leader & Adminstration works ! We all are inter connected around world . We hope every countries can work together and grow in prosperity and stay healthy always . Stay positive ! 
why would we want to learn from that ? 🤷 ‍ ♂ ️ 
They always silence truth speakers . Now they want to cover their mess up ! ! 
Grifin 
is time for U.S to stop dealing with . Open up industries here and manufacture everything you need , creating an abundance of jobs 🤦 🏽‍ ♀ ️ Next time they send something this way , it will be worst and you still wo n’t be prepared . 
Because they do n’t want truth to be known ! 
I wonder why there is no cases in Beijing . 
They have to pay for this . 
They have … mai mult 
It does n't matter if Chinese erases data about Covid in their own country but world knows that this Chinese Virus originated from their country and it will be remembered in history ... 
min 
Oti 
Oti I know NATURE will expose inventors one day ! . Man shall reap whatever he sows!. 😔 😔 🤪 ☹ ️. Destroying innocent souls ! ! . 😭 😭 😪 
Well that ’s scary . They are hiding something 
a lot like administration 
coz it manufactured virus . may hit hard ! 
They probably made it in a Petri dish with a brand that said solution to American trade war . 
Was this a surprise to anyone ? Only those that are apologists for CCP or have erroneously believed every word spoken by people who tried to convince us that somehow Chinese government are good guys . The only people I have compassion for are those that are forced to live under this tyrannical government . 
So much for world peace How easy it was for them to forget how we helped them during WW 
About time NATO gets their money 's worth out of Ohio Class and Class anyway . 
Aye 
Aye going to reign hell Down on that country 
It ’s time for a global Chinese boycott ! ! 😡 
course , SECRECY ! And WHO sings praises to them . 
In best interest of all humanity ... 
They are definitely hiding something .. hence giving us all reasons to believe in these conspiracy theories 
Yes ! Because they do n't want that whole World could find out what Chinese are doing that killed over a millions of People . There will be consequences and they will pay price ... 
Trying to cover up their germ warfare plans . 
Because they know that they created it and spread havoc around world . It is surprising that WHO or UN is not taking any action against this country . 
Why ? Did they created virus themselves ? 
Hmmm , wonder why ? 🤔 🤔 🤔 🤔 could it be because they do n't want to bear responsibility for damage it has caused ... 
Mam 
Mam I heard that virus started as a experiment with bats . 
Is n’t there a paper from  about how they made it ? 
Maybe they are giving our Impeached president and his daughter a patent on studies . 
What are they hiding who is behind ? Probably acoupke a couple of countries . 
Because virus leaked out from Chinese Communist Military Biochemical lab which was working on this in a possible defense to trade war with US . This is why they wo n't let you see origins . It did NOT start in " wet " market . 
Of course they have , it most certainly is man made and they are shitting themselves that world will find out 
This was a cover up from beginning , this was not some animal this was a experiment that wet wrong . 
Restrictions on research ? Well , no purpose for any ' research ' , then ..... 
A clear admission that they are responsible for spreading and making virus 
of course they have its all there fault and they do nt want world to know it but we already know they are to blame 
regime in information handling is just unorthodox ! 
No need I 'm sure Taiwanese and South Korean intelligence already has that info 
never speaks truth ! Until it says something you want to hear . 
I feel like we need a spy because this is a situation that could resolve . 😂 
So it 's a bioweapon . Isolated for purpose and released for purpose . The truth is eventually going to come out and then world needs to take a , as a nation , break it into many smaller Nations , and set democratically elected leadership for future . 's governmental wealth should be used to reimburse world for its expenses due to covid . 
Of course they are 
Sooner or later it will all come out that they did create this 
I think everyone with a brain knows it was created and released . It ’s just hiding who is apart of it . Team effort that probably have links back to US . Maybe . We need to demand answers . 
.... When they hide something is because they are guilty . 
Now we 'll never know which lab this virus was concocted in ! 
They want to sell findings . Why give away cure . 
Could they fear some rogue nation is exploiting their research for nefarious purposes ? Like to formulate a cure and not give it to them ? Or to twist information to wage a propaganda war against them ? Or maybe it 's just pure capitalist . Keep it to yourself and make most profit ? Hard to say with today 's selfish politics . 
is why idk to who believe “ people with power ” are doing whatever they want . We need to set all people free from government . 
The first US case was confirmed on January st , while WHO was still downplaying whole thing ! closed down travel from  days later and got slammed for it by Fake News and Democrats ! 
People will actually be shocked at this 🤷 ‍ ♂ ️ 
This thing was born in a lab . Prove me wrong . And . 
Dia 
must prevail ... for world to be aware & be prepared . kaput WHO . 
, give some more idea 's . 
So are they ’re hiding something from rest of world again / still ? 🤷 ‍ ♀ ️ 
I think we are all very interested to find out where covid  can be traced back to . And we will . 
Marshal 
that sure makes a whole lot of NO sense 
Gee whiz ... like that 's not at all suspicious . 
How eliminate root of virus spreads without figuring out origin ... 
Era 
this mean that virus man made or not ? 
“ The gene behind fusion function in Sars CoV was not found in other coronaviruses in human or animals . ” 
That 's because hey have know about since APRIL  and WHO organization let it out in JANUARY  . 
Let ’s concentrate on stopping it first 
Of course chinese government who released virus from their wuhan lab does nt want to be investigated 
If people were to publish findings you know how many American billionaires ( & Obama at top ) would be discovered as having a connection to virus ? 
OBVIOUS THEY MADE IT AND FAILED CONTAINMENT YET ? ? 
Of course . 
What do they have to gain by admitting it ? 
A post ... with copious Americans from left and right agreeing on something . Refreshing 
Elder 
Elder Then real world war  is unfolding 
When you own patent , of course you can put a gag order on information ppl need for transparency . 
But there 's nothing stopping rest of world from researching it and its origins 
So now you all see picture? ... Can we call it now from its original name ... Chinese Virus ? 
so what are they hiding ? before we accept Chinese manufactured products , we need to see scientific papers dealing with covid . 
Tells me that they ’re more guilty of causing this terrorism attack against world . 
It was investigated before , that it came from slaughter houses in Wuhan . But , researches started from US , Harvard and Boston , how come it statrted from Wuhan ... Something happened realistic not fiction or speculations ... 
Its qustionable . 
We have so many questions without answers … mai mult 
Oclarit 
Oclarit 🤬 When this is over , you will be bending on your knees 🤬 🤬 🤬 
geez ... World remains full of doubts , fear , and suspicion ... even when faced with this common enemy what do we do ? after each other ... how many more decades and centuries will we be divided like that ... :( 
should work together for best of humanity ! ! 
Because it was man made . They should be accounted worldwide for all people who died because of Covid 
I ’m so sick of these politic selfish nonsense ! The whole globe is facing a devastated pandemic for goodness sake ! Collaboration please ! 
They are trying to Spin Narrative ! ! ! ! 
If trump would only have been nicer to them 
opened WTO for them and world has never been same . Better a world power that can be checked by congress and Senate than a big nation run by some occultist party of communists . 
Sooooooo are gon sit here and assume there is no problem ? 
pretty sure most affected country 's intelligence have already figured this out . they 'd be thinking  steps ahead ( maybe more ) than common people . we might be witnessing something big soon . who knows . 
min 
. Trying to hide origins of Chinese corona virus 
There should be a nuclear attack on SHANGHAI and BEIJING . By all countries together . That is only solution of this dreaded country . 
🤔 Wonder why? ... no , I do n’t . Dictators want to dictate . Dictator is somehow involved , guaranteed . 
They have been getting away with too much for too long . They muffle media and researchers A LOT ! 
.... I thought it did n’t come from there ... <sarcasm > 
Need a long explanation to this whole world victim 
Is corona virus discovered in Pacific Ocean ? People knows where came from 
Probably at request . Can you do us a Favor Tho 
Biological warfare and they know it 
Shocker ... I ’m sure their economy will be robust in a few days too when government approves story ... 
shared DNA sequence of virus Now I know why finding vaccine of Covid  has sweated likes of big pharma 
I 'm surprised they did n't do this months ago . They made it . I guarantee you . 
Jandro 
theories .. it will not help in stopping and eradicating this juggernaut threat . 
Why hell would they do that ? ? Critical thinking people ... Because it was released ! ! Duh .. 
Nilanthi 
is time world has to unite . Give opportunities to other countries to manufacture purchase their goods . 
They 've been lying and WHO enabled it . They lied with them . And moronic Democrat supporters blame President . Disgraceful 
That s what they do . Make things disappear . 
රවිඳු රන්දීර 
රවිඳු රන්දීර So it is pretty clear PRC invented virus . 
Snelson 
Snelson how quick Americans are to bash Chinese government for attempting to cover up or prevent publication of truth , but ca n’t realize it ’s same thing trump administration along with trump has been doing for past  years . 
Because end result would be exposure of their lack of health and safety regulations which has lead to an outbreak that shut down global economy . 
This makes them directly responsible for making it 🤔 
I do n't think their " imposed restrictions " matter , no after what they did to human kind , people need to know where and how this killer virus was created or if it was something that just came up from nature . We need answers , families mourning their loved ones who lost their lives in such horrific pain and suffer need answers . 
Nikkai 
be transferred to another planet ? ? 😏 
It started in a lab in Wuhan . We all know it . 
Holten 
followers wo nt vote for , ! 
Vitamax 
phone call with trump , either of two nations is hiding something 
The world has to do something about it . 
Sabatini 
should be considered and act of war ! ! 
Someone feels guilty ! He who does nt owe it , should not be afraid of whatever may come . 
Ummmmm no , WHO would like to know EXACTLY where it originated from 
It would be to 's advantage ( moral , political , and economic ) to be as transparent as possible if they are blameless . 
Still doing things they not Suppose to 
Why will they do that since world have to fight this virus with oneness . 
Very interesting how they are behaving after putting world in this mess . 
oooo so is true they made it to more busines and beat ee.uu . 
Chika 
skeleton i n cupboard somewhere ? Just asking . 
They have first case on November but they did not let world know . 
‘ Cause their face far more important then lives . 
Sharma P Sharma 
Sharma P Sharma Shut Wuhan institute of virology 
Vu 
CCP 🇨 🇳 you can rot in hell . The World will sort you out after this KungFlu it ’s over ⚖ ️ 
They have skeleton in their cupboard . 
They do nt want to show to world what is going on . 
Osim 
validates an insider info made available to me from a United States investigative journalist 😳 😳 
They can burn in hell .. nuke frs if they do n't comply 
If they have nothing bad to hide , why put a restriction ? 
That 's because flaws have been found in thier research , thiers been speculation that this virus has a agenda and not in best interests of all people 
Why do we need them ? We have our own cases here in US and our own scientists . Cut crap and stop trying to hold us hostage ! 
Duan 
, it ’s all from Wuhan Institute of Virology . They even said it from past that they have more then  type of virus . 
It surely originated in US . Cambridge has done a nice research on origination of US virus 
Arkie 
I wish I knew how to manufacture and fire Hydrogen Bombs . Are you thinking what I am thinking ? 
Put yourself in my shoes 
My  year old cousin knows that this was made in a laboratory in Wuhan ....... come on people . Wake UP 
That 's why I do n't even trust their statistics about coronavirus disease . 
And why would they do that ? Do you not ask yourselves ... 
we have borrowed trillions of money from 
Hmmmm ... they are making it so obvious lol 
no way ... why are you surprised simpletons ? asking for a friend 😉 
And tell me again that this virus being unleashed across globe was n’t intentional 
first cover up about outbreak , now cover up about cover up . we need to stop buying Chinese anyting . 
Just imagine what a virus has done to world . I could n't finished my courses all because of wicked CCP who has no value for human life . 
So next logical question should be WHY WOULD THEY DO THAT ? For once , please do your homework and investigate instead of bowing down and worshipping at altar of political correctness as you normally do ! 
They definitely lied and hiding that government used it as bio weapon . Can never be trusted .. Then they they complain they not treated fair .. 
Why ? It means covid virus originated in Wuhan & ur intentions will be divulged ! 
well they were afraid truth will come out and spoils their show ... 
nothing new , what world expect from communist ? but rest world bestowed covid to their people for being trusting news from Beijing . 
this is why 
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=&id= 
And when they say : ah it comes from bat , I will say : we also have bat 's , but we do n't eat them and we are not selling live wild animals on street . 
Willis 
this raises a bunch of red flags 
This is what socialism is . This is what our beloved country will become if we vote Dumb ocrats .. 
When world stand up for them after going through what they caused , they will learn . I just hope world unites on this . 
Salahudeen 
if that 's true , it 's saying something , is n't it ? 
covers things up all time what 's new ? 
Yet again hiding pertinent.information.from.the rest.of.the world . 
Cqn.someone.explain.to them that we , qhole world , are.in.this.together , this is NOT A competition , we are.in.this TOGETHER , we have.to find a.solution TOGETHER ! 
Tanmoy 
they can can allow to expose themselves . Its becoming more and more clear that it was biological weapon and plan to rule world economically . 
So what 's reason ? Are they hidding something ? 
There is definitely a coverup . However , publishing data , without peer review has a lot of problems . 
Well that go to show who really started this pandemic . 
石正丽 lead chinese researcher in Wuhan for communicable diseases in bats . Worked in Wuhan at time studying human / bat compatible corona and SARS viruses . 
. Patient zero . 黄燕玲 。 Chinese researcher in Wuhan Virology lab  feet from Wuhan market . 
But we understand science is area that never lies . Except scientists are not at work . The cold war is sensitively playing growns . 
Acho 
after effect of coronavirus will be worse than virus itself . 
A free and open press could solve this ... media keeps governments honest . Pretty tired of media bashing .. when you see this remember that . 
That ’s because this crap was made in a lab ! ! ! ! 
Magapan 
Magapan A country full of lies they even restrict how truth should be told . 😡 
Why those restrictions ? What world ca n't find out ? Would be a bioweapon or a single bat virus ? 
it is a painful wakeup call for rest of world .. ccp chinese wants to turn this world upsidedown .. if we allow it to happen it will become reality .. 
I still say it was something they were working on & it got out of hand ? 
no matter how much they try to conceal truth .... world knows it . 
They forbid it ... Because it can be traced back to them ... They want to stay clean off issue ... 
government needs to get some sanctions from worldwide community 
I heard there was some research going on Corona virus in Wuhan . Idk if it 's some conspiracy theory . 
Right because it did NOT come from a bat and now they are trying to cover it up! 🤔 🤦 🏼‍ ♀ ️ 
They literally created this to use against political protesters and to stop uprising of their communist regime . 
C.j . Handle 
C.j . Handle Well when people of a country try an raise up against their government . What you think it 's going to do . 
My shocked face : 😐 
Accidental knock over of Petri dish in Wuhan Institute of Virology , maybe ? 🤭 
Anybody with a brain knows virus is fishy ? 
Hung 
CCP got to go , other y thing can never be fix 
Segovia 
like taking out doctor that sounded alarm ? 
I would have thought that that was counterproductive . 
Not only government that does not believe in science or allow their scientists to speak to press 
Tee 
people who are currently trying to kill foreigners in their country . 
That 's because it 's really radiation sickness . 
Difinetly this corona is from lap wether its come out accidentally of intentionally whole scenario is about biological warfare america . 
We need to impose sanctions against them ! 
is a cover up of big upcoming businesses .. Like  technology . 
KC 
logic : How could Virus spread from animal ( source ) to Mankind ( World ) in such an infectious way ? When suspect animal have existed with mankind for thousands of years . 
So tell me now that they have nothing to hide hmm 
This is another picture off a Netflix documentary . # fakenews 
Now why does n’t that surprise me ? Maybe it ’s to do with bollocking they ’re going to get from WHO for second time ( first time was after SARS outbreak ) 
invoice for world damages to or cut them off from exports again 
And we ’re to believe them when they say they ’re over epidemic . 
Ofcourse . But too late . The New Epoch already launched their first investigation in this CCP virus , it is on you tube . 
DrStephen 
all about cover ups . I said this since January 
Guys please watch this movie 
Contagion  
The intent is so clear ! ! ! After all of this only one nation will stand ! 
Patient zero was contaminated in laboratory outside of Wuhan 
s 
s Most important thing we need to know is how are test vaccines working . What drugs are working to slow down virus . Test all animals in Wuhan meat market . 
knew they would only other threaten them way military action 
It 's about time they were bloody stopped 
That awkward moment when was right after all ... 
Pitić 
created virus in laboratory than blame 
It on a doctor . 
You rich people do nt know what is right food to eat ... never buy chinese food anymore ... you ruin world ... 
That 's because they do nt want a to know that they created this coronavirus in their wuhan laboratory ... they are responsible 
For fear of being traced back to them 
did n't make a mistake from calling it CHINESE VIRUS ... 
We have nothing to hide . 
Can we look ? 
Nope ! ! 
Is it Communist virus ? What hell world , s so called best intelligence agencies were doing ? 
's evidence points to Europe still look it up . 
ልጅ 
ልጅ I think they was done something wrong 
is where u find negative and debatable news .... they do n't care about souls and minds of our society 
This suppose to be challegneed by WHO but they already lobby them 
It was created by smuggled into wuhen 
All governments in world should restrict and cut off Chinese relationship 
Someone is trying to cover something up . 🤔 
on Chinese they are massacres 
where is our SUN why SUN lost energy can you ASK that question to and what they did to Universe . they want us to live like Aliens . GOD Destroy them even they were so powerful and technologically better then Us but they took to far an … mai mult 
And some folks will still believe it originated from one wet market in Wuhan .... 
Vaccine they are making is manipulating people and scared of virus but no virus , it is Vaccine microchipping . to let so many people take shot this is only way to do so , NO COVID it is  Vaccines are microchips = CONTROLLING WHOLE population and killing who ever they want with sending signal G. worst then microwave microwave have  Hgc 
Aww we can do it without them . world go ! ! 
