We are being asked to sacrifice for the good of our families , our friends , our neighbors , the paramedics , doctors , and nurses . If these people who insist on physically going to church , they have the right to do that . But then they should stay in their homes so they do n’t spread their “ freedom ” to the rest of us . And they should not use up a hospital bed or a ventilator or put the lives of doctors and nurses in jeopardy . 
If you truly carry God in your heart then he is where you are all the time . Whether you are in your home alone or with your family . When you pray he hears you . You do n't have to be gathered together exposing yourself to the virus ravaging countries right now . Stay home . Pray . Have faith . 
I love the lord in all his glory ! But this stuff is real they will learn when those who continue to go in large groups get sick themselves ! Smh 🤦 🏽‍ ♀ ️ when you have it you will say awww man ..... I would n’t wish this on Anyone ! ! ! Then you ’ll regret doing the opposite of what has been preached to you about the warnings ! ! 
seems like they are trying to be creative and still maintain social distancing . Has everyone forgoten our constitution ? Our rights ? Did we change the name of our country and our government ? 
There are other ways in worshipping and building our faith through these crazy times . Thankfully online sessions 
It is Not a Happy Easter , for most .. may GOD be with those whom are grieving , may god give who are first responders strength to do their jobs right and make the right choices with each paitent . May our Nation find unitity and unite with their decisions … mai mult 
“ I do not feel obliged to believe that the same God who has endowed us with sense , reason , and intellect has intended us to forego their use . ” 
— , Letter to the Grand Duchess Christina … mai mult 
God is not only confined inside churches ! If you truly believe in God , then you know he is everywhere . 
Follow the rules .... so you do not want to , but then everyone else pays . We want to go to church and maybe to our families homes but we do n't for the the good of all . Many people have died and sacrificed so that one day we all could enjoy some kind of normal life sooner not later . Let 's see how many people transferred virus . 
Maybr plans to finance birth control in countries that can not sustain their populations . Where people are starving due to the countries inability to provide food . 
If any of their friends or family , not to mention any others they come in contact with , develop or sadly die of this it will be on these folks shoulders . God gave you a brain to think with and common sense says stay home ... he can not do everything for you when you ignore this threat . 
KANSAS , ARKANSAS , LOUISIANA OPENED CHURCHES . PUT THE PASTORS IN PRISON OR TAKE THEM TO A HOSPITAL WHERE PEOPLE ARE DYING FROM THE VIRUS AND SEE IF THEY CAN SAVE LIVES . 
What 's in those hidden gatherings has got nothing to do with Christ . OMG ! My family would never miss our Easter Mass ! We did n't ! We had it on TV ! 💕 I have n't felt such love as today ! This Easter Sunday ! True love ! 💕 
National Institutes of Health , a government agency , awarded a $ .million research grant to the Wuhan Institute of Virology 
The lab is the center of several conspiracy theories that suggest it is the original source of the coronavirus outbreak … mai mult 
You ca nt livestream healthcare or groceries . But you can livestream church . These people need to think about the country and not themselves . 
If you 're sheltered in  and adhering to the guidelines , their actions do n't affect you . 
So , what 's the problem ? 
Worshipping God does n't not have to occur within a physical structure ! 
These people must remember that we the people are the church . The building is just a meeting or gathering  . You can worship God in your home and he will hear your praises and worship 
I do nt wish illness on anyone , not even the Orange Wanna Be King but if these people get sick oh well 🤷 🏻‍ ♂ ️ 
So . People are going to Church despite " no gathering " orders ? ? It 's almost like they do n't want someone telling them what to do with their bodies ... … .. Almost like they are " Pro Choice " . Except One of them can affect the lives of at least Five others and their loved ones . 
My wife ’s church had service on line but also in the parking lot . You were not allowed to get out of your car they had speakers set up and told to honk after the sermon . 
know that church is wherever you are . The building is just a shell . You do n’t have to be there to worship and praise God ! ! ! My church has been celebrating and worshipping God ONLINE , LIVE STREAM since they put “ stay in  ” order . 
Allow congregation and ban the collecting of monies in any form . 
It ’s ridiculous that anyone would look down upon a church for celebrating Easter , and say they are ignoring social distancing rules when you know everyone of you have been to Walmart . 
I hope these are the only people in their community who die from Coronavirus . 
Now is not the time for a pope in a castle . Pandemic needs science and social activity . Front liners , food supply , hygiene , and discipline are paramount . 
I celebrated Mass from the safety of my living room . As much as I love physically being in church , it 's just not worth it right now . 
I really wish people would pay attention to the church in GA who did n’t follow social distancing and  members contracted Covid and two senior members of the church died because of it . But hey , it ’s your right . 
If your god can not see you in your own home , maybe choose a different god . I think the Christian one might be a good alternative since that god is everywhere according to the texts . 
No matter how a country system look like , it 's all depend on the country Leader & Adminstration works ! We all are inter connected around the world . We hope every countries can work together and grow in prosperity and stay healthy always . Stay positive ! 
There 's is n't many things more two faced than religion ... 
awesome great , let them gather hug kiss and shake hands .. as long as they infect each other and no one else .. i'm okay with that .. #GoPrayTheVirusAway ! 🙏 :) 
It is so terrible what has been caused to the people ... no guts .that someone could cause all of this and someone could let it happen . 
When they congregated and get sick they ’re going to blame it on government and if they ’re okay they will say God has mercy on them 
Jankim 
Jankim the shadow of something less than the flu . Stop fear fear fear cnn . Sorry this bug did n’t do what u were hoping for . 
Breaking news , I checked with . 
He is cool about the stay at home orders . 
After all he did n’t rise for you to get Coronavirus . 
If they do can they please at least stay quarantine for  days . And not put others in jeopardy . 
is real but the reaction to is politically driven ..... wake up fools . This virus has been spreading through the population since last year . 
How can attending mass be more important than social distancing ? ? You can talk to God from your bedroom , if you want to . No time for ritualistic gatherings . Sorry 
Wise church leaders are n’t putting their congregations in harms way . 
What ever happened to freedom of religion ? 🤔 Oh wait , they 're trying to take that away from us too ! 🥴 
Which will extent the quarantine another two weeks or more because we have to start back at zero after the exposure 
They should all be going to church as is their undeniable , nonnegotiable , Constitutional right 
Good to see these take back their first amendment right . 
winners . 
God is not just inside a church building . Why show ignorance when it is not necessary . 
It seems ironic to me that the USA fought wars recently in the Islamic Middle East and put them down as bad folks . Now some folks tout their religion in the USA and defy their government and risk lives in the name of Christianity . That 's decked up ! 
Why do you people think you need a church to observe god ! ! 
The collection plate is valued more than the person . 
There are no gods . All gods are man made . 
And . were Republicans . Reckless towards others 
. 
They caused this it did not appear out of no where ? 
Well ! ! ! ! I have two important points that i would like to clarify ! 
This is the first point . 
And this is the second . … mai mult 
Drive through service ... well , Burger King drive throughs with cars full of families all day , everyday ... but if a Church , Mosque , Temple , Synagogue has a drive through service , like Mississippi ...  dollar fines for all ... what a zonked up people we have become to be treated like imbeciles by media and Government . 
The pope cancelled easter . has to stay dead this year . 
Just avoid Christians ! Even more than usual . 
everyone . 
make your dog happy by wearing this t shirt lady https://teespring.com/mydogismylifewomenstsh ... 
Is My Life Women 's T Shirt 
TEESPRING.COM 
Is My Life Women 's T Shirt 
Is My Life Women 's T Shirt 
the virus 🔥 not everyone can live in the shadow but if you do people will think you ’re the bad person 
TENOR 
IS DONE FOUND A HOLE 
After this day With the resurrection of our saviour i hope that our mind would be opend and we 'll se the way to delete that virus . 
Armstrong 
in line at the pharmacy = SAFE . Meeting at a drive in Church = DANGER WILL ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 
is trolling 
. Utterly pointless . Does n’t our current predicament prove it ? 
Cult members gon na cult . 
I would n’t expect anything less from Christians . Intelligence does n’t even register over the brainwashing 
you too ! Hope you got lots of eggs ❤ ️ 
Maybe you idiots will realize they only want your money . 
FAKE AS THE TOOTH FAIRY ! ! ! ! 
make your dog happy by wearing this t shirt brether https://teespring.com/mydogismylifemenstshir ... 
Is My Life Men 's T Shirt 
TEESPRING.COM 
Is My Life Men 's T Shirt 
Is My Life Men 's T Shirt 
HELLO!!???This pandemic and/or civil unrest that they keep talking about appears to have been pre planned by the NWO who appear to be domestic enemies . They are attempting to tell us it 's for our " own good " and they are " saving lives " and " saving the p … mai mult 
No in the eternal light of God . 
is the disinformation arm of the Democrat party 
Observe the Easter if it can help to stop the VIRUS .. 
I want charges pressed and lawsuits filed against our local governments who infringed upon our religious liberty 's all month .. i want people to rally and sue the local governments and govonors who violated our constituional right to assemble . NOW ! 
iTS OKAY ! ! WORLD ZOMBIE DAY , DOESN'T NEED TO IN pUBLIC 
Nwachinemere 
Nwachinemere is evil , you people should go and report what china is doing to Africans 
VOTE OR GET READY TO WORK DURING NEXT YEARS CORONA VIRUS OUTBREAK . 
TENOR 
said on / 
https://www.facebook.com/sa.buglecall/videos// 
shaming religious folk again ... 🤦 ‍ ♂ ️ 
? Fn 🐂 💩 Communist National Network spreading negative messages ! 
With your little investment , You can make up to $ , every  days . or ask me how 
Map Live | http://coronas.org 
CORONAS.ORG 
million innocent muslim families killed .. by western , india USA and burma . Included innocent child&women blame terrorist ........ now these country 's busy fighting the coronavirus : RESULTS terrorist world wide stoped 
I 'm very disappointed in # for reporting misleading pictures with stories . We deserve the truth ! Look at my last public post to see what I 'm talking about . I 've researched and this post seems to be true . 
The parents bringing their children to church should be charged with child abuse . 
Unfit to be parents in my opinion . 
My community isnonebof them . They should be shut down permanently and charged with endangering the public . It 's attempted mass murder . They are the lowest 
, how are you liking Socialism , playing like your , A taste of real freedom ? You see this .. The Capitalist who are the most dishonest people in the world , people who like to steal and screw over the would never wanted you to see this and … mai mult 
Wow ! s of worship should NOT have special treatment ! Do what most are doing , use the internet ! You do n't have to be in a church , or mosque or whatever you can worship from anywhere ! All who do attend in a church or whatever , should be fined ! 
I Feel when Ministers Are telling their Congregations to Gather together at Church AND They Do Not Use Common Sense and Their Pastor is Pushing it .... IT IS LIKE ! ! ! ! ! We will DIE Together ! ! ! 
: How long do we have to stay quarantined ? 😡 
Also : I just need to run to the store to grab things I do n’t need and go on some Easter egg hunts , it ’ll be real quick 😋 
Singer 
Singer https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=&id= 
Well , this will silence the  G and Bioweapon conspiracy theorists ! The Spanish Flu of  also originated in Shanxi province in China ! This is not something new which ha … mai mult 
HE IS RISEN ! Death Could not Hold Him . 
" Where , O death , is your victory ? Where , O death , is your sting ? " 
" For God did not send his Son into the world to condemn the world , but that the world might be saved through him ... … mai mult 
If you think the coronavirus panic in an election year right after  failed coup attempts is a coincidence , you 're probably dumb as a rock . 
Whatever ... 
Old kids should responsible to their own lives . Too old to be advised . 
your own risk but remember ... do not infect other people ! 
Well should n't they have a big cure after enough die .. ? 
Noor 
far back as late November , U.S. intelligence officials were warning that a contagion was sweeping through China ’s Wuhan region , changing the patterns of life and business and posing a threat to the population , according to four sources briefed on the secret reporting . The one country where that should have been the best prepared , sabotaged by a president that has no respect for facts and science . 
you ! You and the government will never be able to stop us from praising the Lord ! ! 
Werden 
please just stay at home ! Just like lying did during the Vietnam war ! # FEMSFORDEMS . 🇺 🇸 🇺 🇸 🇺 🇸 🇺 🇸 🇺 🇸 
By all means go out . Do n't wear a mask . Take in deep breaths of fresh air . Embrace a stranger . Hug your neighbor . Then go home to your family and hug them too . We encourage all supporters to do this . Let nature take it 's course . 😁 
Christian Theocratic Movement 
Christian Theocratic Movement All these people must be forced to QUARANTINE for  days . 
Andal 
Andal : And came and spake unto them , saying , All power is given unto me in heaven and in earth 
While is soon to be overshadowed by v google llc 
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=MYNfzcnqQ&feature=share 
SHADOWS OFFICIAL 
YOUTUBE.COM 
SHADOWS OFFICIAL 
SHADOWS OFFICIAL 
. 
them 
Selfish . 
Watch those numbers skyrocket . 
yet again that the pro life movement is a false religion meant to scam gullible voters . God does n't want you to infect your neighbor . Anyone claiming to be a Christian and purposefully goes against health professionals during a pandemic are not real Christians . Their selfishness is deadly . 
# StayHome # SaveLives 
In the name of the Merciful God Hi is only a very weak virus , but by your fear of it and your followers of Satan 's steps , you made him a deadly killer . is a manipulated virus that is d inside the planted eggs Therefore , whoever wants to stop the spread of this virus , he must stop eating imported imported eggs , as well as cans of tuna , canned fish Most likely the eggs are the main cause of the spread of the virus The proof is what I say  . How this virus reached the submarine crew  . How he arrived to the crew of the American flagship in the middle of the oceans  . How did he reach the affected cruise ships ? .How it spread in the tourist cities in Italy and Europe  . Iran is not the largest importer of Chinese eggs  . The countries of the world are not the largest consumers of processed eggs What is common for all of these people is eating processed eggs or tuna , most likely 
the doors , burn them down ! 
Idiots . 
I ’m a lifelong Democrat and I ’m voting for in November . I voted for twice but since they have dubbed the nominee I ’m done . He ’s a career politician pure garbage and a pedophile . I ’d rather have four more years of the economy than waste it on someone like . Hopefully democrats come up with someone better in  
كوتينيو 
كوتينيو https://staoor.blogspot.com/.../newimagebeautiful ... 
New image Beautiful of Melania WOOOOW OMG 
STAOOR.BLOGSPOT.COM 
New image Beautiful of Melania WOOOOW OMG 
New image Beautiful of Melania WOOOOW OMG 
and Faux news are playing the Christians like a fiddle . 😂 😂 😂 😂 😂 😂 
Sunday ! ! ! 
Today marks the th birth anniversary of the English professional footballer ( born : ,   ) . He most notably played for West Ham United , captaining the club for more than ten years , and was the capt … mai mult 
Brave 
that 's really bad 
https://youtu.be/mytkHzzLko MEE TOO SHOULD BE HAVING HIS EASTER LUNCH IN PRISON 😂 
Accuses Of Sexual Harassment 
YOUTUBE.COM 
Accuses Of Sexual Harassment 
Accuses Of Sexual Harassment 
