He is woefully illequipped to handle a crisis of this magnitude or the country for a matter of fact and that goes for his administration as well . Due toTrump 's narcasistic personality and his inability to listen and heed the advice of the medical subject matter experts our country and its citizens will continue to suffer in all regards . Medically , financially and economically ... 
We read and listen to ... NOTHING has been done due to our " laws" .. We all now know he is a mean dangerous confused Bd . Maybe NOW is the time to make moves to remove him and his family of users OUT . OR maybe its the time to have more than ONE … mai mult 
My heart goes out to all Americans and their families losing their loved ones . Personally I did n't expect any deaths in USA , this is a country so advanced in all ways . I thought the leadership would control it right from the start , immediately China locked down . Very disappointing . My heart goes out to the families . 
It ’s called chaos , panic , hair on fire . He is completely panicked with no idea what to do so he chooses to shift blame , point fingers , criticize , fire people ...... absolutely no leadership whatsoever . New Yorkers should be forever grateful for Gov. . He has been focused and on the task at hand every moment . New York will survive in spite of trump not because of him . 
Here in Canada , we pray for our friends from the United States . It is so sad to see the situation getting worse every day . You are a great nation and have hope . You deserve better than this . 
No point constantly refferring to the Most tragic day .... unless you plan on repeating that same headline for the next few months . 
Your president is at fault for lack of action and stealing medical supplies from other countries . You need a better one , the insane " was nt me " grandpa is nt working out 
What is seen of the USA today is like the last days of the Roman empire . Corruption , nepotism , vested interests driving government policy , loss of empathy towards its citizens . A President like DT is but a symbol of the malaise . Yours is a great country . Please save it for all our sakes . 
Unbelievable . He is in a full gallop now . Not a shred of fear , not an ounce of decency . We have  months to go of what will effectively be an autocrat . God help us . 
If he does n't lose hugely in the next election ... We 'll deserve whatever happens to us during his ( God Forbid ) nd term . 
As 
he will say : we 've done amazing things ... nobody could 've done the amazing work we did ... 
This is the guy who described the coronavirus a little flu and said by coming April and warmer weather it would be disappeared ! :/ 
How can people trust him ? ? ? 
so sad because I admire your country and hoping USA will be the frontliner in combating COVID  .. I pray for your country and the whole world .. God Bless to us all . 
If would tell us to stay in the house we would ... is basically our mama ’s boyfriend we do n’t listen to . 
Do n’t understand why CNN airs his rants and lies and then cuts away from the experts . We do n’t need another discussion about how insecure and ineffectual he is . We need facts . 
When chaos is the norm , this country is not functioning well , from the top 🙁 Thankful there are some of the governors we have out there , they are running things in most of their states . is a leaderless leader . 
i live in hawthorne , ca we have a community hospital that s been closed for years , why not open it again , bring her back to life R.F.K. COMMUNITY HOSPITAL 
I have no trust or faith in our President . I am so thankful for my Governor who is being a true leader through this . 
min 
And ... we'll force Wisconsin to go out and vote ... what 's the worst that could happen ? 
Thorn Sting 
Thorn Sting Conald is the Real disease himself , the orange clown has already proved his Incompetency in white house , due to pride and his arrogance he still has the gut to beat his chest up how great he is , what a shame ! ! ! He has failed Americans and the great Ame … mai mult 
The only ones who are confused is the media . They keep asking non important questions . 
The only chaos is CNN and the BS news they report ! ! 
He will destroy the country and cost many more lives to be lost with his uneducated , self interest rhetoric .. listen to the experts not . He is evil . 
min 
My dear , less than  people were killed on / and your country created a mayhem around the world ! 
Why no such hullabaloo now , when more than  times are already dead ? 
What are you waiting for ? … mai mult 
And most you Americans also working hard to become stumbling blocks against the progress of the president , and at the same time non of you is God in heaven . 
I love our President more and more each day ... 
He should just ban the media ! Silly questions ! 
The fact that supporters are actually gleeful that the " libtards are crying " shows you that they never supported because of any policy . People are literally dying because of his incompetency , but as long as that pisses somebody off , its a win for them . 
Dump the ! ! ! If other countries were aloud to vote he would nt be remotely looked at as a president . Come on USA you got this ! ! 💜 From New Zealand 
He needs to go . No more BS briefings with him talking lies and more lies . 
TENOR 
Hire a clown , expect a circus . 
I 'm so sick of President , November ca n't get here quick enough . 
deaths in  day 🙈 
Why has n’t someone in our government stood up and said he is severely destroying our country and hold him accountable immediately ? ? ? Get him out of office now before he makes this any worse . If our government wo n’t do anything about it maybe we as citizens should march on Washington and remove him ourselves . # wethepeople 
I think this tragedy has helped me to ascertain how unprepared some journalist are . Several times journalist ask a question , trump asks for more specific information such as a number or name and they do n't have it . He makes them look irresponsible . And frankly , I feel similarly . I am not a supporter but if I were to attend his press conference , I would b ed armed and ready . 
Undermining the authority of the Executive Branch of the Federal Government during a time of national crisis is treason . CNN it 's not a news agency it is an anti American propaganda agency . 
Keep the clown away from the press meetings . His using it as a political BS . MAY HE ROT IN HELL 
When is CNN going to get sick of being the embarrassment of the news industry ? 
What do you expect ? 's reality show approach is obviously not suited for politics . 
キコ デリマ 
キコ デリマ That ’s what you get for electing a clown . He ’ll make a circus out of the entire country . 
A " president " who ca n't control himself is a minefield for the nation and the world . Do n't wait until November . 
crazy ! ! ! failed the whole country .. 
We are from Sri Lanka , we were really shocked after some of President Trusmp"s statements regardimg  in early march he never serious on this , even my president is doing a great job and imposed curfew for  days now and situation is very well controlled . 
God bless and we pray for you a speedy recovery . Stay Strong , Stay Home 
There is no chaos and confusion . Report actual news 
Sr . 
Sr . cnn continues to do it ’s best to instill Fear and Panic in the Citizens of the USofA ! 
I shudder to think what would be happening if I Do n’t Know or Comrade ( open borders ) was in charge ! 
I just hope the American voting public remembers this when they go voting . This is how this presidency reacts under pressure . They fall apart . 
Your leader is falling apart ? 
Is opinion stories bashing the president the only thing CNN is capable of producing anymore ? No more real news stories ? 
This article is complete biased , elitist drivel and opinion pieces such as this do NOTHING to help our society at such a difficult time . CNN should be ashamed of themselves . 
Really ? Did I hear you correctly ? “ If someone dies with Covid , we count it as a Covid death . ” To see how absurd this is , consider a guy with Covid who dies in a car crash on the highway . That ’s a Covid death ? There ’s a big problem here . 
Those deep state so called doctors will be disgraced at the end of this for exploiting this flu to shut down the economy and help the democrat politically 
All the reporters should get together at the daily briefings and only ask the questions to the doctors and if trump does n't allow them then do n't ask the question . Also press stop asking questions not related to covid . This will make not able to spread his false lies 
He has blood on his hands and is responsible for these deaths . His misleading the American public , downplaying , minimizing , and outright lying has cost lives ( remember , this is a democratic hoax , or that he has this under control , or that this is not … mai mult 
min 
All you had to do was give a link to the press conference . But , your daily characterization is more important than a live feed and viewer interpretation . 
Why is he pushing this drug ? What is he getting out of it ? What ’s the art of this “ deal ” ? ? 🤔 
Universal healthcare is not as bad as evil socialist healthcare . 
min 
It 's been chaos every since the fake president stepped into the oval office  / yrs . ago . 
Yup the flu that and said it 's nothing go outside get together sure 
is in deep crisis now and much of the blame is on  and his diehard base . I truly believe the bulk of those who continue to blindly support him are doing so " because he does n't want to take away my guns " . That mentality is what he thrives on … mai mult 
min 
How has he been not dragged out of the White House ? 
The situation is getting to him , he needs a break , to gather his thoughts , or else he may take a decision that whole usa will regret for remaining life left 
Let 's be totally honest here . Everyone has always known 's brain has always been filled with chaos and confusion . 
, a once magnificent , powerful country reduced to the laughing stock of the world .. 
Why is it every time I turn on cnn , they are talking bad about the president ? So disrespectful . I have not heard cnn say anything bias . How about hearing about the good things he 's done . If you ca nt say anything good do nt say anything at all . 
min 
him , pence and deserve the same hospitality that Italy gave at the end of WWII .... Let 's have a large crowd greet them and put them up for the night ...... 
min 
!  dollars will fix it oh wait there are stipulations . Mothers with  kids will get the check of her baby daddy even though his baby is  month from graduating . This is so much bullshjt . 
It ’s like putting in charge of running The Disney Corporation . 
min 
At this point the US need presidents . 
It seems the burden is too much for the man there . 
min 
He only cares about money and " his ratings " . Lives do n't matter . 
min 
If the tiki torch was honorable or had any redeeming value whatsoever he would resign . 
min 
Wright 
I the only one who wishes CNN and its hate inspired reporting would just go away ? 
min 
حيدر صباح شومل 
حيدر صباح شومل // 
In the name of God of lords 
people … mai mult 
AND IMPRISON HIM ! ! ! ! 
Mills 
any , it should be that propagated by CNN and its sponsors , How you guys wish ! ! 
I listen to press briefings from leaders all over the world . None sink as low as these political propaganda rants made by Mr . He is using this tragic time to promote political division and to blame everyone but himself . Shameful ! 
“ just another inexplicable day of the presidency . ” Every day we wake up to the horror of what he will say & do . 😢 
In the past  months , people have died from COVID in the WORLD . In those same  months , , people have died in USA alone from other dieases / causes . Think about it . 
What should he be doing right now that he ’s not ? Tell us please , experts . 
It would be great if we could just thorazine and sit him the corner with M&Ms and a pill counter . 
Leave the man alone . He is doing everything he can to fix this . I think people are to dumb to see it . 
min 
and confusion really ? 
عمر علي 
عمر علي DEAR PEOPLE OF AMERICA 'S WHAT HAPPENS TO " MAKE AMERICA 'S GREAT AGAIN " theory . 
I thought U.S.A. is very powerful and dangerous . 
How can a small flue and chinavirus confused YOU ? 
Meanwhile where the virus originally started from , China ’s Wuhan , epicenter of coronavirus outbreak , celebrates as lockdown lifted .. 
Ellis 
Ellis ,, dead coming right up . needs to be reigned in again . 
min 
He talks like someone who ’s just hitting the middle button on their predictive text over and over ... 
We provide self drive car hire , chauffeur driven car rental , airport car rental . Our vehicles are suitable for personal getaways within and outside the city . Our vehicles are equipped with real time GPS system which allows permanent and efficient tracking with the vehicle at any time . www.vismart.co.ke / car hire/ 
Rent a car in Nairobi | Hire a good car from $  per day | car rental Kenya 
VISMART.CO.KE 
Rent a car in Nairobi | Hire a good car from $  per day | car rental Kenya 
Rent a car in Nairobi | Hire a good car from $  per day | car rental Kenya 
min 
has n't fitted to administer the White House . He 's blaming WHO and China for this pandemic . He knew information from the different directions about COVID and was n't admitted to the pandemic . 
He found the guilty one .. WHO ... Typically narcistic behaviour . 
He is just as dangerous as  
President : " I think mail in voting is horrible , it 's corrupt . " 
NBC 's : " You voted by mail in Florida 's election last month , did n't you?" … mai mult 
, + cases under name . 
I doubt 's ability to read anything , except his own tweets . 
Apart from being dyslectic ( https://www.ibtimes.com/donaldtrumpsaversionreading ... ) , his egomania is so big , that he would n't accept the idea that anyone except him is in the know . … mai mult 
’s Aversion To Reading , Twisted Behavior Explained : ‘ Mild To Moderate Dyslexia ’ 
IBTIMES.COM 
’s Aversion To Reading , Twisted Behavior Explained : ‘ Mild To … 
’s Aversion To Reading , Twisted Behavior Explained : ‘ Mild To Moderate Dyslexia ’ 
Pat 
#  : was sent a memo on COVID . ca n't read ! 
Have they blamed and yet ? Oh wait ! 
Pov 
distract us with his daily Klan rally Conference .. quietly behind the scene , Republicans are using the judicial branch to ban abortion and increase gerrymandering and voter suppression . 
min 
How does all this talk help the situation . Chill out and let 's get through this thing . If you have nothing good to say font day anything just what I think . 
min 
The crap CNN says is so nuts it ’s like communist propaganda ads in North Korea your perspective is so false . Lol unbelievable 
min 
is the norm in land 
TENOR 
We need a real leader ! All we have is a narcissist worried about re election and $ $ $ . 
min 
And the Republicans with a clear conscience say they trust this man . Unbelievable ! 
min 
lives for chaos and confusion . 
min 
keep playing politics with  instead of finding a cure to this . A cheap drug is being said to be able to cure this virus , China said they used it , but all you are concerned about is your president instead of trying the drug . In the words of my former first lady , kontinu ! 
Cnn is fake news with all your so called " reporters " 
Also known as “ another typical day at the White House ” . 
min 
The fascist nation rightly said that who are Chinese servants and Chinese eat money and brokerage , so who run away after hearing Taiwan 's name and who are afraid of China because China pressurized them 
Haze 
CNN ? BS like this is why your numbers are tanking ! 
Nothing but at his best spiteful , petty , and out of touch . 
November can not come soon enough . 
November is coming 
God please help us .. We all are better than this . Americans are dying . But I still have faith in D.Trump 💯 💯 💕 And  is sure .. we all gon na come out stronger ... 
min 
Another supposed news article written based on opinion and not facts ! 
min 
News claims the pandemic is over , we just had our deadliest day yet with nearly  deaths . 
min 
OH ! PLEASE LORD SAVE US FROM THE HOAX CORONA VIRUS what ever will you do to help us OH WISE STOCK HOLDER OF hydroxychloroquine 
So if he is so inefficient why ca n’t he be impeached ? ! 
min 
What a train wreck ... 
simply does n't work for voters . has failed all Amerricans since the first day of the spread of the deadly virus in Amerrica when putting immediate monetary or economic values for busineses like his own before the safety of his … mai mult 
Greatest nation of all , eh ? 
SUCH A DICKHEAD WHY DO WE EVEN GIVE HIM THE TIME OF DAY ! 
min 
I thought he was the most powerful man on earth 😂 😂 😂 
A d Afr 
A d Afr Coved  showed the tide of weak US intelligence 
min 
The titles of CNN are purely negative anytime . TDS . 
min 
COVID 
: 
CONTRA CORONA VÍRUS É FORTALECER PULMÃO , QUANTO MAIS FORTE ESTIVER PULMÃO MENOS AGRESSIVO COVID. … mai mult 
He should be exiled . 
min 
.. agree , it looks like chaos ! ! ! 
reading  lines a page in  point type , stable genius indeed . 
Q the expert anti trumpers 
min 
Does ever do " GOOD " ? @CNN 
He gets more entertaining every night . Let the fool keep talking . 
min 
News Network the least trusted name in the business . # truth # LifeisGrey 
I swear we have the most incompetent leadership in the world . is the worse president in modern US history . I have never seen anything like this . You get what you vote for . If he wins again in November , this country deserves whatever happens . 
Timeline : How responded to the coronavirus pandemic 
POLITIFACT.COM 
Timeline : How responded to the coronavirus pandemic 
Timeline : How responded to the coronavirus pandemic 
Spanky ’s gross incompetence will kill millions ! 
min 
.... As if you were waiting for this day to spew nonsense . and the good people of will win this fight . 
Come on a lot ppl said oh well it 's just the flu blame urself to not just trump 
Be Heros … mai mult 
This is the worst partisan take I 've ever seen . 
The only chaos is the ignorant liberal reporters 
do you think that you kill a human of God , then you will relax ? 
CNN reporters are just mad that chews them out at every press conference . Ask real questions instead of snarky ones and maybe your ratings will go up ! Worst news station , they are right up there with MSDNC . 
November ca n’t get here soon enough 
I wish CNN would cut back on the time they give for free . 
min 
portrait . 
https://cdna.artstation.com/.../andreachiampoorganic ... 
cdna.artstation.com 
CDNA.ARTSTATION.COM 
cdna.artstation.com 
cdna.artstation.com 
He screws up whatever he touches 
* correction : rocks CNN ’s mental capabilities . 
did n't I tell you that the incredible choas is ahead ! ! bahahahaha let more die I enjoy it < 
rocks White House every day 
Rich 
? I think the fake news is confusing 
min 
A dumpster fire is what it is ... 
min 
Incompetence at it 's finest 🤦 🤦 🤦 
is insane and the GOP is using him to smokescreen their murder of s of thousands of poor , disabled and elderly poor Americans 
What standards ? 
Convid just want to be used against the best president has after . will still use another FIVE years no matter how . 
Lopez 
Lopez A White House circus nonetheless , complete with clowns . 
cnn propaganda till the day it dies 
min 
Huevos 
Huevos I 'm gon na need a shoebox full of blow to get through this dreck 
min 
He is trying to have his little clan rallys live now ...... Needs to let his minions know his brand of fake news is still there for their little brains . 
min 